 and good morning.
 afternoon evening.
 Almost weekend.
 So everybody had the Nice experience of reading chapters three through five.
 let's let's talk a little bit about these things and try to.
 Keep it interesting keep it moving today so i'd like to ask who would like to share.
 What was the first prediction you made today.
 You bought you bought to fess up.
 To it just speak out go ahead.
 I predicted how long it would take me to do the reading.
 Ah, save the best for last right.
 Okay, good thinking, where you correct.
 Roughly yeah.
 Okay.
 Oh, are you often and medicaid picking on you are, you often correct when you make these kinds of estimates, or have you, you really got a handle on it now.
 I kind of habitually overestimate I think just.
 Out of an abundance of caution, I think.
 Excellent okay about Scott, what did you predict this morning.
 Actually matters is kind of a follow up on his which was funny as I noticed when I was doing the reading it predicted for me how long it would take me to do the reading it like said it learned my reading speed or something so it was on the kindle APP but.
 Just not that funny but also, I noticed, you want to go fish raffle today nice job.
 everybody's talking to this and i've had no formal recognition, rather than.
 Through colleagues yay thanks.
 Okay, so yeah fishing.
 Because any I do fishing.
 yeah know.
 find out what you're interested in find out who works at your company or what they've been doing lately in.
 Time.
 Alright katarina, what is your prediction today.
 Today I tried to predict whether the line at Novak with be long and whether I can get breakfast in time.
 Ah, and how accurate was your prediction.
 And I was very accurate, because I went before nine so the line was short.
 Yes, really bird does get the breakfast.
 Well done so, how did.
 How did you learn them.
 Well i've been here for four years now, so I have a lot of data that i've collected.
 i've noticed that before directly before class periods tends to be when the lines are the longest because people are trying to squeeze in a coffee or snack before class.
 So I figured that there were no classes going on, it was early and people are awake, and so I would have a good chance of beating the line.
 So so sometimes our experience data like that can be affected by things that.
 You might not be aware of, so do you recall, when you coffee shop in baker closed.
 Did that impact the lines of Nova.
 yeah whenever well I wasn't on campus when calf closed but whenever like I think it would close earlier than Novak would and so whenever that would happen everyone with Russia or yeah right.
 So facts that you knew at one time to be true when Kathy open for the first time, a few years ago well.
 It might probably would have had to make you change some of the assumptions some of the data that you have been trusted because now there's this new thing that just mean dominoes comes to town alrighty apparently those of you who've been here for years, every.
 All, but is it.
 Everything But anchovies that other pizza place but they didn't predict very well and they're gone, which is really to their.
 dirt cowboy we had discussions with them free for a while, suggesting that quick quick add wi fi before starbucks moves to town and he resisted eventually he did sort of.
 adobe's I don't I don't know yeah they did finally had wi fi.
 Sean Smith and I used to have office hours they're.
 Not together, of course, and.
 We noticed one time that the wi fi we stop working on the set we asked him, he said, all have white light turns out students are renting upstairs and they graduate.
 And they took their wife, so our prediction.
 and being able to have connectivity gone so changing data changing conditions, this one done you're.
 Doing.
 I took a train this morning, so part of my I predicted how long it would take me.
 To get like to where I am now on the train and I guess I also like us to help her because I use Google maps.
 to map out my journey.
whoa.
 it's a good thing, Google maps is correct.
 yeah and everything worked out the train was relatively unknown train scheduling is tricky too, because with them the data is always changing.
 there's always i'm thinking New York subway elevator at home screen stop is not working, and so, if you need the elevator okay quick you've got to redo resources or the plan new data data is always coming very, very good Elizabeth What did you do.
 This one I had to predict whether my entire apartment building was on fire, or if it the smoke alarm and my unit got set off because I was cooking.
 Do you often is there, often the correlation between cooking along.
 Not often.
 But I was able to predict using the smoke that was right in front of my face, and I was cooking so Luckily, there was no fire.
 Yes, my.
 Mother used to shoot she lived in a very long towels and she would start something cooking and then she would try to multitask and the problem is she would go to the back of the House and I asked how do you know when it's done she's the one I can smell it.
 But Okay, how long does it take a smell to travel that far so her.
 Her algorithm made sense, you can smell the cookies cooking or baking but.
 You have sort of come to be there, so yeah that's That was a good one i'm glad that the worked out whether it was your cooking or notes that's great Bob Tyler What did you do today.
 Today i'm currently predicting how long the Kobe testing line is.
 yeah.
 Is that the thing going on the big at the field house or whatever they call.
 Oh yeah and then doing a lever on um I guess and then we're doing our rapid test as well, so it's a bit long ago the procedural well.
 yeah we're working on one advantage of being 64 is already gotten the first shot, so if, when you get yours hydrate please drink, because otherwise you'll feel like crap them expects all right it's all good, thank you very good I don't know if I made any predictions this morning.
 Well, I mean we're training the puppy and that's all about prediction right if I.
 shoot we know we have David.
 If you approach you're saying hi Stella and high voice and all like that she will be.
 She is a submissive PM we haven't passed them, and so we predict okay so don't walk up to her forehead on walk up to a sideways squat down and let her come to you in the submission than goes away.
 Usually.
 So we're we're learning, based on the feedback from this this animal that you predict, if you run up to where she's going to go.
 And it's, to the point now where we all if somebody comes to visit and the walking up to the dog, we know, based on all this data that might as well just pick up the paper towels and don't because it's.
 yeah Okay, so when when somebody makes a prediction.
 How did they learn how to do that now now a couple of you mentioned, you know well.
 yeah i've always drawn the correlation between time of day in the line and Novak.
 What what other things can can people teach you to make predictions.
 is better, is there a classroom and prediction.
 You know, Joseph.
 yeah I just draw a finite state machine in my head.
 Oh yeah there you go that makes sense that that sounds like a very good.
 teacher as.
 Well, when you start teaching your younger sibling what a cat is you know you're teaching them to make a prediction and that's the one of the examples in the book.
 And the examples that are used so.
 Suppose your teachers is good do teachers ever make mistakes.
 In outside of this class, of course.
 yeah sure.
 it's always been one of the teachers build the board with arithmetic or something in the physics class and then he or she has to go back to the beginning of the Board and race one letter and the new changes every.
 So, even in our teaching our everyday environment we can get some bad prediction or bad data about predictions and speaking of bad data too bad predictions indicate faulty intelligence.
 could be I mean there are some people who I wouldn't necessarily believe if they said it was raining.
 And we were outside.
 But then it could also be due to bad data.
 biased data.
 bogus data we've certainly encountered a bit of that in.
 The elections last year.
 And both sides.
 Missing data.
 How do you predict about something you don't know.
 How do you.
 If the line of Novak was long, would you use that to drive.
 A just a prediction for the line at.
 Some other points I don't know.
 If it's bad here, maybe it's not bad there if it's bad at caf the rest in peace with that another that's working so a lot of times the data can just be all interrelated and connected, some of it stinks and some of it is better than others, and sometimes it's just downright evil.
 So we I think we kind of assessed or kind of established last time that, last Friday, but.
 This has happened.
 This cognitive stuff is here.
 Has anybody had a unique or an interesting cognitive moment during the moment, now that you've had a chance to think about it.
 yeah Joe.
 I mean i've just been annoyed you know, I was looking for Grad schools, a few months back and then now every single website I go I get as for Grad schools like, no matter what i'm doing.
 And it's it's weird how like they can tell exactly which programs I looked at and what schools and then they target that to me.
 And you know i'm just literally just like googling stuff for class and I see like the banner ads on the sides, and then I go like do something on a completely different website it's like the same ads but just follow me around.
 yeah yeah that's true and is that.
 Of course that's not the universities.
 that's that's your friendly neighborhood search engine, but the book makes a point about that one of the reasons that people tend to like one over the other.
 is either the tailored experience because of experience or things like searching for something obscure and maybe this search engine just returns simple definitions where's that one's return something in depth.
 Maybe a second or third level explanation, so that that makes variance as well, but Charles Chen.
 yeah the credit score example in the read it got me thinking of I used to their Bank of America APP for my banking, I guess, and they have like a virtual assistant they call Erica.
 And I guess it's good enough to the point that the APP doesn't even have like a search feature the search feature just dumps research into like the virtual assistant and and she like response, and it seems to work pretty well with school.
 yeah yeah you guys get to build one next week.
 So in fact Dartmouth is getting all those that was in the Dartmouth nice thing email this morning.
 For the it help desk that kind of thing.
 Where you go to get.
 How do I get my computer fixed by the way, change my password stuff like that they're working with an outside company to build a Bot, to answer your every question be interesting to see how quickly people start to, shall we say, tested.
 Just to see what it was Irish.
 yeah just to build off of what Joseph just spoke about last time I was in this class called American the Middle East, which is why I was reading a lot about the area and the most questionable ad I got was to join the US marines.
 And I felt like that of all the ads ever gotten a piece of my search history, I felt like that was.
 The biggest stretch, though, is like see I was just surprised because I mean all my Google search history, probably shows that.
 You know i'm not i'm an international student or like i'm not even looked up anything close to the marine so just the fact that I looked up a certain area.
 That that the weight of that variable was so much that it kind of just discounted everything else was just something interesting to think about.
 yeah yeah and it makes you really wonder.
 What actual search the or combination of searches, because it could be multiple lead to that, but who knows.
 Okay well.
 So changes are coming it's going to be part of the furniture it's going to be like an electrical appliance you just assume that it's there we always assumed, it was there.
 I heard this morning that Facebook and instagram are down, and I know instagram and Facebook may not be the coolest thing for today's Dartmouth undergrads that certain members of my family, and we should probably losing their minds.
 First, the gorn to remember their Facebook, is doing.
 Sometimes predictions, you lose the data and you no longer can make predictions.
 If it's raining outside you might not be able to tell.
 If there's a lot of people going to move on.
 Right actually have to.
 All of your data might be man's you never know.
 Okay, so.
 Last time we talked about.
 What kind of various might this cognitive stuff wandering to get some really good discussions there you know catering and physicians i'm not quite ready for a doctor to roll up to my bed and start asking me questions about.
 My health.
 But it certainly might be coming into college acceptance, we talked about that game design and so on.
 I want to share a short video with you.
 From minutes from the few years of four or five years ago, one of the earliest challenges that someone outside IBM gave to Watson was to collaborate on a movie.
 And as they'll say in the movie they were not Watson was challenged to make the not the movie but to select the scenes to make a good trailer.
 So let's let's have a look at that.
 don't have a child.
 that's going, and please raise your hand if you can hear it.
 first birthday.
 expectations.
 13 year old daughter.
 fox approached IBM, and they said, well, we have this movie coming out it's called Morgan.
 And it's an Ai horror thriller.
 I mean when fox asked was could Watson analyze the movie and generate a trailer automatically.
 as human beings and very quick to judge the mood of an individual possibly an Ai over time might be able to develop those same instinct so we thought let's send Watson to film.
 Oregon right throughout.
 The whole of the Morgan movie.
 frozen.
 yeah we can hear the volume, but not the video we can't see.
 That yes.
 Okay, maybe, maybe comcast is biting again.
 Alright well we'll just have you tried like sharing and sharing again.
 All right.
 Maybe zoom doesn't like.
 Thank you for telling me.
 They were actions taking place at the different moment of the week, and this is how wasn't actually extracted.
 salient moments from Oregon which we then proposed for making the train Watson was able to model, the scene visually to determine was scary.
 Was it a tender moment was there sadness or happiness Watson is the tool that's helping arrange the visuals, but it still needs the human element so, then I can come in and just supervise to.
 be a professor I don't think.
So yeah.
 i'm sorry.
 We still can't see it, it just as Charles Palmer has started screen sharing and it has like the loading symbol.
 that's bizarre okay well.
 I think you've got it, thank you for bringing that to me i'm just getting gross it was a pretty pretty freaking movie but, as they were.
 Probably comcast call them to say stop it so in the movie.
 I mean in the analysis here that we're not going to get to see sorry they talked about.
 How like he just said how analyzing the movie.
 For mood.
 tension.
 tender moments not so gender that wasn't so hard for once, because early on the natural language processing was added.
 was able to determine things like sentiment mood.
 Was the person angry or whatever now what again you all the the link will be in the notes, so you can always look at it yourself.
 The Director certainly did point out some things.
 about where to look and so on, who are the characters who matters, and so on.
 But it still did make sort of a map of the movie and noting when exciting things happen, and then, of course, knowing the size and length of the clip trailer.
 On to them.
 And it's what they use is pretty cool.
 Now the director said something though pretty interesting to the very beginning, said.
 Ai is someday may be able to.
 Based on the trainer resolve it's a very good okay.
 Get identified scary places we kind of got the idea that this Morgan person was some sort of a.
 cyborg or Ai in a human form again go watch the movie I don't wanna spoil.
 But Watson doesn't understand.
 It based entirely on the data that it had, which was.
 The apparent mood and sentiment throughout the video.
 So pretty effective surprising results at least to me that it would be so.
 So close, you need any thoughts on that do you think it's.
 it's something we're going to see more of in fact probably know.
 But they don't tell us they used an Ai to make parts of the movie or even trainers, who would know.
 It doesn't matter.
 Who cares right.
 alright.
 So let's have let's do our little brainstorm dance oh someone's asked question sorry I kids yes, yes, eco.
 I just had it, how did they figure out how to like organize all the different parts once Watson kind of learned which parts are important, or like the mood of different parts of the movie.
 Yes, it will be very good question so it's not hard for me to go through and pick out.
 A Jennifer.
 chance tender.
 terrifying that sort of how do you put them all together clearly a producer had a hand in them.
 Watson was was somehow.
 told.
 That it needs to be kind of a mixture and build up the end kind of like the movie with build up at the end to a big bone Morgan opening September.
 But it was the primary job of Watson was selecting the scenes and suggesting an order that the producer may define the social order.
 And the people who actually had to actually train wanted to move it, and so they gave it a bunch of other trailers.
 To do the same kind of annotations so it kind of got the idea that OK, so the flow is.
 You got to do something interesting get your interest in a little bit low and then we'll pick in the middle and then a big piece of the end all based on just other trailers that they they process, so the.
 part that the.
 Watson programming folks did was really just to whatever capabilities were missing analyzing video this top of the time.
 And then they trained it with all these other trailers and they had to pick similar trailers they couldn't use gone with the wind necessarily actually don't know what that is.
 You know, some pixar movie might not be a good trailer to use for training here because it's not that can move.
 So they probably will very selective there too anyway.
 Good was that your question and that's it okay cool a lot more that.
 Yes, very good.
 Okay, well, is there, another hinder.
No okay.
 Just checking good alright so.
 One of the things that we're all well Joseph has his hand up here, here we go.
 yeah sigh I mean, to be honest, I think that.
 My issue is that most things get changed in post, he says, as I think sort of like the thing that actually created the the mood of the trailer wasn't so much the scenes that a lot but sort of like the music.
 So I was wondering like what's the music also chosen by Watson or was that introduced later by somebody else.
 Like I don't know.
 Of course, the movie had music.
 and sound, and it was analyzing the sound do to help address mood.
 But underlying mode of music for the the trailer probably was added by somebody by him yeah.
 Because like I can, I can tell you a nice.
 Like well I did seem like a dark in it a bit and put a mysterious turn on the back and suddenly it's it's completely different right, so I could I could take you like, a happy movie and turn it into a horrible like you know horror trailer.
 Just by changing like those two things yeah yeah.
 And you learned how to do that by watching a bunch of movies.
 Okay alright so let's as we go forward in our careers we're going to be faced with.
 Whether or not to use a Oh, is it appropriate.
 Is it going to work.
 Is the data actually available.
 Is the day.
 Free.
 That sort of thing so let's let's do a little breakout here.
 and
 let's explore and i'm not going to give you any seeds you just come up with it.
 Think about which jobs, probably won't be accomplished by cognitive systems for some time.
 Okay doctors don't count, we have to beat that to death.
 And maybe it'll get better maybe it won't.
 And then there's the other side of the coin.
 Which jobs, even if we can shouldn't be.
 Okay, so what might be accomplished someday maybe, but certainly not anytime soon and what should be accomplished ever, even if we can.
 All right, who wants to share what who thinks they have some interesting jobs that.
 Probably won't happen anytime soon in the cognitive world or maybe more interestingly should never Elizabeth.
 was talking about how like artists and musicians probably aren't going to get replaced by machines anytime soon.
 yeah yeah Of course you remember the first day of class.
 We had that little bit of music.
 And i'll be doing a podcast with some attorneys.
 And it's about Ai and.
Basically, the world.
 And I keep offering hey we've got we could get a really cool Jingle here.
 And they said well in there in New York City there's a lot of musicians there, and a lot of musicians that are in.
 Bad sorts because of the pandemic.
 And things like broadway using canned music.
 So they're saying no, no, no we're going to resist we're going to use a real musician right there, so I understand Charles Jen.
 yeah I think our group talked about like cutting edge research and just like researchers in general, more so because of the way, like the models are trained right now using like past data.
 We guessed that may be like because new research really isn't based on old research like it may be exactly how you do old research so like just the way we train I right now I wouldn't be very good at like discovering new things.
 Okay well alright, so I see your point.
 But that's actually if you think about how.
 neural networks work, and I know you're some of you are very new to this.
 But one of the things that's really interesting about it is that it's looking at the same picture of you, and I look.
 And you and I, unless we're trained radiologist through our.
 gate analysts for people walking we might not know what.
 Different parts of the screen or different parts of the image are actually important.
 And in this case the the neural networks, they always they don't have any biases they're just presented with bits.
 And then they're presented with more.
 And more and trained and so this is one of the problems with Ai is it it comes up with some way to recognize cats or stops on things.
 And it's really hard to get to tell you how it did them what is it looking at what bits are important, so it could very well be like in the go game.
 It makes a move if you're thinking man this thing's broke but it's not really because it's made some connection that we haven't So it goes both ways I think you know totally out in the blue research things like discovering the.
 Post, it notes it he's a complete accident.
 was just cleaning up the sink of the next morning yeah that's sticky but not quite and made a few billion dollars so very good point I didn't think about okay.
 Tracy.
 I like two quick points, one is just like with neural networks at least like formal mathematical proofs I feel like i'm as i'm very good at just it's like a different kind of the computation kind of it's.
 More like formal but, and then the other one is like in the long term, something, and maybe like a I possibly could never do is like.
 Like some kind of caretaking that involves like where you like want like a connection with the other being and like just because, like if even if I like perform some functional role like.
 I guess we're not sure if it really has that like subjective experience that humans do, and that can be something that like you would want it to have like to share that with a.
 yeah.
 there's a lot of research.
and using.
 Social mobile robots.
 That have very good chat Bot capabilities as companions for.
 elderly citizens.
 My dad used to live with me and.
 I don't know I mean I never asked him, but I don't know that it might he might not have enjoyed having you might have enjoyed having something like that yeah like so when is the movie alexa bliss.
 But he was afraid he would break.
 So could have used help getting in and out of the bathtub sure some big husky robot can open.
 Is would he would you like that movie feel good about that, with a robot remember to warm it's warm its hands before it grabbed him.
 Even given caretaker sometimes we get those things so that that's a really good that's good we're all going to eventually.
 So one that I mentioned was governance, I mean I mean obviously this will depend on your political views.
 sorry about that just sound in the background.
 This will depend on your political views, but I feel like having people not have the ability, ability to actually make decisions about how they are governed is a problem.
 And I feel like Ai being in charge of government governance or legislation or whatever would make cause that to happen, or the worst.
 autonomic governments, I never thought of that that's.
 The autonomic autocrat yay.
 Oh gosh that's a good one, because one of the big things we have is, it would be really nice if we could build an Ai addition to wanting to could actually understand legislation.
 What does it really saying.
 But then the argument is it's not just what it says it's what it doesn't say.
 And that's where we have the Supreme Court to this country similar things.
 yeah.
 This is you're doing some good ones.
 Stewart.
 Yes, I I brought up the point that it's the fine line between particularly with raising kids in the role of entertainment and education, where you know everyone's going to have to get to the point where they decided, you know if you have kids.
 You know what at what age, you know you introduce electronics and I think that it's like inching back currently.
 And it's it's like pretty sad, you know when you go to like a restaurant and all the kids are just on an iPad and like no one's talking and it's it's just like an interesting role where the efficiency of education and probably even the quality of entertainment will increase.
 But it doesn't necessarily mean it should replace the like intangible values and lessons that parents can pass off to their kids.
 yeah one of my boys as learning to drive and.
 i'm writing in the passenger seat.
 Which is weird because i'm using non and they get to look around and say wow Have you ever seen that no, but do you know how to get here know.
 So you've been writing that we all these years, what do you mean you don't Oh well, I guess, I was looking at my phone.
 And then the real killer is when I went to a park and saw.
 A young parent pushing them, however.
 When you're old two year old just barely.
 And it started making noise, as the person is speaking to someone else in the handle with their phone.
 it's the new pacifier right.
 In, of course, we eventually figured out the pacifiers give you bad teeth problems.
 What are we going to find out about the.
 Yes, maybe the navy navy I got it right that time today.
 yep you got it right i'm wondering that we talked about that simply replace and probably is unlikely to replace near future our athletes.
 We know that there's been some advances in trying to, for instance pitcher ball or hit hit a ball baseball, for instance, but we've seen even if there was technology and the ability to.
 create these I guess robot Ai power athletes, they would not be considered or valued the same as human athlete it wouldn't even be the same sport.
 um I mean we didn't assume maybe it could be, possibly i'd like robot games like robots versus robots potentially but did calling a sport, would be completely different.
 We have the values things made by humans it out any Ai potentially different from things that are made or produce or done by robots.
 Interesting I mean of course horse races, so I guess there's a human involved and certainly raising training horses and.
 dog races, which are not quite as popular as it used to be okay humans are only marginally involved there and i've seen some of the robot Ai soccer games and they're hilarious just so bad.
 But okay so so maybe we need people doing sports well I coaches.
 Could we have a an Ai assistant coach like a pitching coach who digitize your digitized with those little dots all over you throw it analyzes and give you feedback right away.
 Just to chime in nowadays, especially in baseball the managers are almost figureheads and it's just a bunch of Ai that determines the strategy for a game it's already seen it implemented in the real world.
 yeah that.
 that's what I was getting at.
 In visually in the book they talk about.
 The money.
 there's a movie the money gab the money game moneyball.
 Oh yeah.
 About San Diego and how they.
 change their their recruiting practices.
 Some of those are really amazing So yes, i'm coaches, maybe assistant coaches, maybe strategy yeah certainly.
 And, as they say in the book, you know you you can't really look backwards that existing data because well those players were a year older.
 Maybe a different collection of players, maybe the rules changed maybe the weather changed all kinds of stuff i'm really looking forward to the College soccer season is coming year, and not only because Muslims.
 But because these kids have had a year off.
 what's going to happen to the company competitive edge of healing that's all.
 trustee.
 yeah hi i'm so migrated we were talking about how all of these jobs that either couldn't or shouldn't be automated they'll have.
 Some aspect of creativity, or like making something new, as a not following the norm, of what the data has been previously but.
 We were also saying that even jobs where there is like a procedure of sorts so jobs, such as like a policing or no middle management, where you have to make a lot of ad hoc decisions, we feel that, because their ad hoc decisions, they should not be automated.
 The Ai as middle manager.
 One what's one of the reasons I stepped out of management, because I got tired of doing that kind of stuff and I wanted to go back to think again, research, the what you do that so yeah I can I can see both the positive and the negative but that's an interesting angle as well approach.
 Williams back.
 So I actually wanted to kind of bounce off or go off that real quick um.
 The issue of policing was raised and I don't think that Ai policing would be a good idea for similar reasons, to the the the issues with governance, but there are certain aspects of policing now.
 That are representative of like you know human decision, a decision making being very poor now, you may be able to tell why I think that uh but, like you know the the bias within the United States police system is is you know highly prevalent and deadly for a lot of people so.
 Something that could remove that element I think is is important to consider.
 Ultimately, I don't come on come down on the side of replace COPs with computers or robots but.
 I don't think it's as out there, as some other suggestions could be yeah.
robocop.
 yeah the.
 there's there's a lot of discussion on this topic, this.
 specific topic and I agree with you that you know we're humans, we we make mistakes, or we have biases.
 The problems or challenges with autonomic or with automating some of that is going to be removing those biases making sure the training is.
 representative of what we want them to do not what we would do and making that separation really it's the only place you're going to get data is from people what they've done in the past when you're trying to.
 upgrade interesting.
Also, is so.
 Good.
 i'm just going to chime in and chime in on that and once For one thing, which is.
 I mean, even though right now across America and the Department of Defense leads it's like five principles for Ai and we released a statement saying.
 And he is never going to pull the trigger when we kill someone or something like that.
 But at the same time, he is very prevalent across justice systems, as well as Defense systems anyways so, even though we might.
 As long as it's not their fault, I think, policing could be done by computers and because right now, if you're in the military, for example.
 If you're talking on man if you're using the demand drone to chase after someone the data you got to chase after that person was processed and pull out by any I.
 have a lot of the imaging that's been done there's a lot of computer vision going on there and chances are when you hone in on your final target the actual honing in is being done by computer system so while you're pressing a button.
 The decision to press that button is only superficially yours, all the data to get you there was any was given to you by some sort of like official dod.
 yeah.
 very good point and we use the systems.
 In varying levels of autonomy, the the.
 I think it was the Scud missile system, a few years ago, was it supposed to wake up and say oh bad things are coming and shoot them before they come down and go boom.
 There was a very slow.
 Mathematical error.
 In this system and the longer it ran without being restarted the bigger the error God, and so, while the system appeared to still be working it's math was off.
 And then, when the bad things started flying in it took a picture and say okay i'm going to shoot there because that's where they're going to be in it.
 And we lost a bunch of marines so yeah there's a lot of discussion about that and I spent a lot of time with those folks talking about.
 Responding it machines being.
 But with a man in the loop which.
 that's going to be dripping very interesting David.
 Yes, I just wanted to share another thing that my group talked about which was.
 Religious role so things like a priest or rabbi or any mom it'd be pretty strange to have Ai as one of those roles will see discuss.
 These are spiritual rules and a such unnecessary found a way to view a I would experience, then it wouldn't make much sense.
 Right, yes, I absolutely agree there was an old Saturday night live skit with.
 Dan aykroyd.
 It was a Catholic confession where you go in and tell the priest all the bad things you did and here's, I guess, we would tell you okay go.
 Do this penance and the guy was confessing and then Dan aykroyd was on the other side typing into a computer and he said all right okay that comes to three hail Marys and a couple of rosaries or something.
 Maybe, even if it's the same answer you're right it's not the same it's just not the same okay so let's try to grab people who haven't had a chance at real has been very common we waiting over there, go for it man.
 Thank you very much yeah I want to talk about jobs that kind of require networks and interpersonal relationships to a very high level so.
 i'm going to to come to mind are, for example, agents that represent other athletes actors, etc, because I think it's very important there for you just to be very personable and kind of market yourself and your client in a way that makes people want to interact with you hire you etc.
 And while logistically I think a robot could handle it job very well I think in terms of people having that trust and a certain organization agency, etc, I don't think i'd be there.
 And then, in addition, like.
 A job like consulting, for example, and someone mentioned middle management, I think, a large part of these jobs, besides the actual decision making, which I think a robot could do to a you know fairly high level.
 it's just like client management and like your ability to like get more case for the future is dependent on your ability like for relationships with clients.
 which I think it's pretty important to have it up there.
 Yes, yes, very, very good point um.
 Business data management is.
 mentioned in the book and also it's a big area in customer.
 Customer data management, almost to the point where you know your answer the phone or you get an email from.
 john john doe and you push a button in the system comes up and tells you all of your interactions you've had with john doe things here his company has bought.
 What Jane doe likes to contribute to her business are they related as well you know just all kinds of information is there now and there's a good or bad.
 i'll post something in in the slack channel.
 You may have seen an ordering pizza in the future is that actually going to be a good thing, anyway, good points, good points and soutar.
 yeah two points that relate back to things that others that said, one I thought Venice point about the soccer players versus the robo out there is very interesting and I think that speaks to a broader.
 eventuality, which is for any task that yeah I can do, perhaps there'll be a done by a human version.
 Where we might say hey maybe the product that I get is as good whether it's from the Ai or whether it's from a human.
 But I value the fact that it was done by a human and so i'm willing to pay more for it, that could apply to say jewelry making maybe in today's world maybe I prefer handmade jewelry or similar to the meat in the USA label that we, as an American consumer might appreciate.
 And the second thought related to with you and have you were talking about with say autonomous weapons and in our group, we were talking about he would, I trust, an autonomous vehicle to carry me around.
 And why do I trust the pilot of a plane to carrying the 500 miles an hour I don't know the pilot either Similarly, why would, I trust, healthcare, Ai to tell me what disease, I have.
 And a common thread that we noticed among those questions, and I think Thomas weapon one applies as well is I would trust it only when there's a track record.
 I trust the pilot of my plane because hey most of the time planes landed their destinations just fine, even though I don't know the pilot there's a track record of the system and our thought was the same thing might apply with vehicles healthcare weapons.
 wow.
 fascinating question why should I try not to intrude into these discussions, but I wish I wish I could fascinating.
 All right, keep thinking Charles all right and Ivy.
 Oh yeah just one thing I want to touch on was in our group, we spoke about kind of how useful by using.
 The iPhone carrying again taking for the elderly in other option is also the flip side, which is children specifically.
 See children who might be different label on the spectrum might have multiple issues.
 Because one big issue is a is you need a lot of patients with social workers all like special ED teachers who work with them.
 And you know a lot of places that people dealing with these kids don't have the requisite training or just don't have to also capability to like handle this case, the in India, so I mean I system which can never get angry, you can never drop patient could potentially near either way.
 or an agenda, not the be all end all solution, but in the end and kind of helping special gifts.
 yeah and even if you don't put them in charge of the little person.
 Just having them around watching, so to speak, listening, you might be able to get some pointers from a very well programs are very well trained.
 St essentially a social worker that's just kind of stands in the corner there fail alexa what should I say, you know that sort of thing you can't let the rug rat hear you.
 You certainly need a teenager version of those.
 All right.
 Once again, a record setting fascinating Friday, at least for me and next week we actually going to start getting our hands dirty.
 we're going to start building our own system, and you have a choice actually I think i've already posted the assignment go look at it, even though you probably have no idea how to proceed.
 But you can start thinking about it it's you get to build one of two assistance and it's as an individual project we're not doing teams yet because everybody needs to have the experience so one Bot is bought yourself or someone from history or literature.
 be able to answer questions as though you were that person and the other one is a the Bot barista.
 You can think starbucks or your favorite whatever the barista has to deal with quite a bit so think about all that and, once you get that working whichever one you do, then either add text to speech or speech to text so you can talk to your eyes your laptop to test your.
 assistant or type at it and have it speak back to you the results or both, if you wish, but only one is required cool we'll talk more about that on Monday happy weekend it's beautiful out in Hanover and please wear your mask and i'll see you on Monday.