 Now I can share it 
 and we will get started. 
 Joseph asked the question 
 \'96 what is this AI canvas  thing?
 It is what they used in the  book.
 They suggest using it 
 and I certainly agree 
, 
 when you start off 
 trying to pick a project 
 to explore. 
 As cognitive computing 
, is a prediction machines  going to make any difference 
for you, is it going to be  help with?
 A lot of people run around,  I was just in meetings this 
morning and they wanted to do  a cool AI thing or a 
production machine.  Just like for our projects,
 we have to sit down and  think \'96 what are we trying to 
do?  What is the reduction?
 How do you know if it is any  good?
 How do you measure the  results,
 is it really what you had in  mind?
 What are you going to train  it with
 and then when it is running,  what is the input?
 Is it comments from the  user, is it a weather report?
 Stock prices, Twitter feeds, 
 what is it? 
 And how much 
 will this impact ugh. 
 Very few 
 workflows are independent  and standalone.
 This is something you could  think about in the breakout 
today so it is a good  question to start off with.
 So welcome, welcome. 
 We are nearing the end 
 so we have got our projects  coming up. I'm going to stop 
sharing that. 
 And on Monday we have folks 
 giving their three minute  song and dance
 about their project, their  proposal,
 which you show it with AI  canvas.
 What goes into the canvas 
 is all (inaudible) 
. 
 So please try to get the AI  canvas to me
 by 10 o'clock on Monday. 
 And please don't worry, 
 this is not for a grade. 
 Your presentation is sort of  a checkbox \'96 did you do it,
 yes?  OK, but you do need to think 
about what exactly are you  trying to solve
 and what is your goal. 
 So try to get that to me by  then
 because I will be driving  the slides for you
 since you only have one  slide, it is not going to be 
a big flipping problem, so to  speak.
 
 Is this the proposal in the  rubric,
 because it says it is no  more than five slides?
 Are we just... 
 
 You can go ahead and have  more slides than that
 but we only have time with  12 teams
 for about three minutes  each, and there is going to 
be shovel time in between.  If you really do need to show 
a graph or some sort of  information that cannot
 really be captured in canvas, 
 and OK, 
 go ahead and send me the  whole thing.
 We will start with the  canvas and go from there.
 If you need pictures, we  will do that to
 the let's try to stick to  our planned schedule.
 
 I guess the canvas is  somewhat related to the 
business but I was looking at  the rubric
 and they talked about  business strategies
 as something we should also  include?
 
 The canvas should address  that
 but you can talk about that  too in your later slides.
 In the canvas kind of focus  is on the AI part, the 
cognitive part.  What is the production, why 
would anybody care? 
 Overall the idea is that you  are not just doing this for 
fun but you're doing it  because you are going to 
solve a problem to get some  VC funding into something 
cool. 
 
 My question was answered. 
 
 Fun, fun, fun. 
 Speaking of fun \'96 
 today is mostly fun 
 which you will be glad to  hear.
 Here's a question for you. 
 Is this person real or not? 
 No, that is not a real  person.
 There is a website \'96 
 this person does not  exist.com.
 And every time you refresh  it,
 you get a new person that  does not exist.
 Generated by a 
 generative adversarial  network
 which is essentially 
 a pair of (unknown term)  networks
. 
 One is generating pictures  and the other is criticizing 
them.  That is essentially a.
 And it goes really, really  fast
 to produce scary good  pictures.
 Even down to the little hair  shadow down there.
 Now, if you zoom in 
 you can even see the little  hairs on the side there.
 But it starts to lose it as  you really zoom in.
 Little things like he has a  deformed ear or there is 
something weird there, his  left ear.
 They usually get the light  were flexion in the eyes 
correct. 
 One eyebrow was a lot darker  than the other,
 maybe it is the light or  some thing else.
 A lot of times you can  detect flaws in the hair,
 near the edge of the hair. 
 But yeah, these things are  scary good.
 And people are using them, 
 whether it is to scare you 
 or... 
 Think about how many times  online you're looking at 
clothing or some other  products
 and they have people wearing  the clothes,
 it would be cool if you did  not have to pay those models.
 And the more you get into 
 hand modelling, there are  hand models and fee models,
 even better. 
 There are fewer things that  can go wrong
 if you reduce 
 the space that you are  trying to accomplish.
 So let's go back to our  slides
 and see if you more of these. 
 Not so much this particular  one.
 There are lots of  interesting things on the 
website, you can click on  that if you want to learn 
more.  But let's go on to another 
one.  This article does not exist,
 these are in the slides. 
 Another fake person. 
 Here's a fun challenge \'96 
 which faces real? 
is 
i 
 r 
m 
com 
. 
 Raise your hand 
 if you think it is the  picture on the left,
 the one with the beard. 
 Raise her hand if you think  that is real
 versus the female 
 on the right. 
 We've got two hands. 
 Only two people think that  the guy
 is -- 
 three people think the guy  is real.
 he is surging. 
 Most people seem to think  that the lady is real.
 Let's click on the lady. 
 Correct, the lady is real. 
 One of the giveaways in the  guy picture
 is the smudge here. 
 Let's try another one. 
 Same question \'96 
 raise your hand if it is the  guy.
 Everybody thinks it is the  guy, geewhiz.
 Let's find out. 
 Correct! 
 This is an amazing class, 
 you folks are dangerous. 
 One more time, let's see if  we can get 343.
 That has never happened in  this course.
 Two guys this time, 
 one is an old guy and one is  a young guy. If it is the old 
guy, raise her hand.  Old guys role. Wow!
 Fantastic, anyone want to  share what gave it away 
connect 
? 
 If there is anyone  in the background and if you 
like it is probably real.  I don't know exact how this 
works but I am guessing it is  meant to generate a single 
phase.  -- Phase.
 face. 
 
 And the guy had a pimple,  too.
 
 This is just one person on  each side.
 The kid is a real person. 
 The lady looks kind of rough 
 but then again it could be a  movie, who knows.
 The world is facing a lot of  these things.
 And we are also doing some  interesting research.
 on this stuff, as well. 
 Here is one called everybody  dance now.
 They are mapping onto  another person.
 who doesn't necessarily have  the same skill.
 (Video plays) 
 (Music plays) 
'Spectre' 
 
 The target is not actually  doing the dance.
 This 
 Is 
 This is the big finish. 
 Wow. 
 What are your thoughts there, 
 (Name), was her hand up for  that connect
 
 I did have a thought that  when they were imitating the 
woman with the skirt, they  literally teleported up 
instead of moving up. 
 It could be that they  couldn't see how the light 
 Could 
be. 
 
 Sorry, my head is still a  before.
 
 For some reason the arms  looked like noodles to me
 and the machine images 
 did a lot of moves... 
 When you're doing a lot of  dances, you need to have 
precise muscle control but it  looked like their arms were 
flapping. 
 Even before the last one, if  you look at their feet
 you can see that they  sometimes miss the 
 Their legs will sort of  skate to where they are 
 Yes,
 and the female subject target 
 was wearing the black tights 
 I think for a reason, 
 to sort of accent where the  legs were
 and so on 
 you cannot see her feet very  often.
 And of course, 
 the researcher at the end 
 was just for fun. 
 I'm sure his mom was  delighted that he learned 

 Also what I noticed 
 was that the hands kind of  looked
 blurry. 
 That's probably just because  with fingers and stuff,
 they can make very, located  shapes and movements.
 And being at the end of the  arm,
 they move the fastest as the  arm moves.
 But for me, that was one  thing that really stood out.
 
 And the facial accessions  were sometimes off as well.
 So the fine points. 
 But yes, 
 this is getting really good. 
 I got one more, a new story. 
 (Video plays) 
 
 Jordan Bill created this  fake video of Obama to show 
how easy it is to put words  into someone else's mouth. 
 Defects gain  popularity as a means of 
editing famous actresses into  porn scenes. They are named 
for the deep learning  artificial intelligence 
algorithms that make them  possible.
 The software tries to  recognize patterns in speech 
and movement.  Introduce a new element
 like someone else's face and  voice, and a deep fake is 
 There were some 
breakthroughs 
 in academic research who  work with this particular 
kind of machine learning in  the past few weeks.
 
 Programs like (unknown term), 
 need dozens of hours of  human assistance
 to create a video that looks  like this
 rather than this.  In August,
 researchers at (unknown  term) revealed software that 
accurately rendered not just  facial features
 but changing weather  patterns and flowers in bloom.
 This advance is not yet  avail to the public
 but with increasing  capability,

 This is kind of fake news on  steroids,
 we do not know of a case yet  where someone has used this
 to try to perpetrate a fraud  or an information warfare 
campaign.  Or for that matter,
 to really damage someone's  reputation.
 But it is a danger that  everyone is afraid of. 
 In a world where  fakes are easy to create,
 authenticity also because  easier to deny.
 People caught doing  genuinely objectionable things
... 
 Fake videos can also be  difficult to detect.
 Researchers around the world  at the US Apartment of 
defence said they are working  on ways to counter them. Deep 
fakes do however have some  positive uses. Take (unknown 
term), a place that creates  digital voices from
 (unknown term). 
 There are also applications  that could be considered 
either good or bad, 
 like the many deep fakes 
 that exist solely to turn as  many movies as possible
 into Nicholas Cage movies. 
 (Video ends) 
 
 Crazy stuff. 
 What is this going to do to  our world?
 
 I had my hand raised for an  earlier thing
 but in many ways actually, 
 when you told us 55 
 I think in the last week 
 you spoke about deep fakes  as well. And since then the 
technology has improved  massively and I think the 
issue with this is something  that they highlighted at the 
end.  Which is that with time, we 
will not know what to  believe. We will actually 
start looking at the truth  with a lot of suspicion as 
well and there is a Netflix  show called (unknown term), 
there is one episode where a  Dartmouth professor was also 
introduced -- interviewed.  He said that we would not 
trustee fakes exactly but we  start losing trust in real 
things, and that is where the  inherent problem lies. 
 Indeed.  It is not just politics but 
it could be 
 movies or news reporting. 
 
 It seems like it is sort of 
 one of the necessary  precursors
 for another sort of  up-and-coming technology,
 which is VR 
 in sort of a matrix sense.  Where if you are able to 
produce deep fakes in the  two-dimensional sense, it is 
only a matter of time before  you can take the likeness of 
somebody and put them into a  world of your own creation.
 That is a little bit further  beyond the horizon but 
naturally, when you solve one  problem, you begin to think 

 Yeah, think about gaming. 
 There was a system called  Second Life
 where you are represented as  a
 avatar 
 and you met other people and  talk to them, stuff like that.
 But suppose it really looked  like you and acted like you.
 Talk about immersive, that  could be very interesting.
 
 I read this story recently 
 about this mom who really  wanted her kid to make the 
cheer team at her high school, 
 so she made these deep fakes  of the other girls on the 
team drinking and stuff.  And sent them to her coach. 
That really struck me is how  available it is becoming for 
 Indeed, just 
think about (unknown term). 
 What other things could  happen, not just popularity 
contests but if you get  somebody else in trouble.
 Joe was smoking in the boys  room,
 wait, there is a video. 
 
 I was licking about the last  part of the video,
 about the entertainment  value potential of deep 
fakes.  About the idea of using Lord 
of the rings and then Nicolas  Cage movies. To me, what I 
was taking about was where is  the legal base for this.
 We look at for example memes  with those clips or pictures 
of certain images, like in  Lord of the rings
 there is a famous one about  one does not simply go to 
Mordor.  And we use that for different 
meetings.  So I'm curious to see where 
the basis comes, where is the  line of taking someone's 
words and accents and  changing it to something 
complete different?  Especially if it was a long 
time ago, it could  potentially destroy that 
persons 
 True, 
 I mean if somebody 
 animated some 
 famous actor who is deceased, 
 (unknown term) owns their  image
 but doesn't own their image  once you do something like 
this.? 
 The law is very concerned  here (Laughs)
 We don't know what to do. 
 And the folks on the other  side are saying
 that if you cannot detect  that it is a fake,
 then you cannot identify 
 a violation of law. 
 So until 
 (unknown term) catches up  and is able to detect these 
things, wow, is going to be  dressing.
 
 About that whole movie  comment.
 That was one of the biggest  expenses
 and I believe Rogue one, one  of the Star Wars spinoffs,
 and one of their new series  on Disney+
 was just getting the money  to use their likeness
 for Mark Hamill and Carrie  Fisher
 to make a younger version of  them.
 
 Yeah, and what control do  you have?
 Even if you want to license  your voice
 or your hand, 
 what control do you have? 
 
 You said something a bit  earlier
 about using deep fakes 
 to clone deceased people 
 and I think I read about a  company that is actually 
doing that 
 for reanimating dead  relatives, in particular.
 There has been an  interesting conversation 
behind 
 ethically, 
 would grieving parents  reanimate their children who 
died? 
 Or your other relatives who  died.
 And it's like 
 in one way you can kind of 
 preserve their likeness, but  not really.
 And that really changes some  of the understanding
 of how people interact with  grief.
 
 Absolutely agree. 
 Even pets, 
 you could reanimate spot  after he is gone.
 to that kennel in the sky. 
 If you think about it though, 
 the people buying those  services
 are the grieving people. 
 So what is the ethical  challenge there?
 You got a company, you're  providing a service and 
people are buying it.  Who cares connect
? 
 Tell me what the ethical  issue is there.
 
 This is pretty nerdy 
 but I am thinking like Harry  Potter
 and the ring that brings  back dead people
 but like not really, 
 and people go crazy because  they want to be with their 
dead relatives but they can  never truly be with them.
 So yeah, it is nice to see 
 but I can see especially how  deep fakes get better and 
better -- I guess it is  people's choice if they want 
to use the technology 
 but it could ultimately lead  to bad effects on people, 
 And then how 
many steps before robotics?  gets there?
 Granted, you can't exactly 
 project and animated face on  a robot,
 but actually maybe you can? 
 There is another link that  is there and I am not going 
to play it because there are  some naughty words in it
 but it is politician saying  things that most likely they 
would never say, certainly  not on camera.
 So it's a very interesting  new world here.
 So for the breakout today, 
 I wanted to kind of teasing  with these things
 and the breakouts are 
 related a little bit. 
 But not directly. 
 But please, 
 if you want to talk about  deep fakes
 then please go ahead. 
 But for each of the  industries that I'm going to 
flash up here as soon as I  figure out where my zoom is,
 I've got a chat message I  didn't say... Sorry I missed 
that. 
 Each of these industries, 
 think about if you are  working in these industries
 and it was your job 
 to propose a test project 
 with prediction machines's. 
 The first thing and that  prediction
 machines, AI Canvas, 
 one of the first things  there is what are you trying 
to predict?  What are you trying to 
resolve here?  And then how does that
 affect the business? 
 If you are providing ways to  remove uncertainty
 about something that doesn't  matter, then nobody is going 
to buy it.  So once you think about the 
variety, because there is  usually a lot, of 
uncertainties that (unknown  term), that opens the door to 
these predictive systems. 
 When it is not just  affecting the business,
 what if it is affecting the  customers are the employees 
themselves connect 
 there a lot of different  ways that uncertainty can 
have an impact on the  industry.
 The questions are, 
 what do you think the first  prediction machines or 
cognitive machines to be used  and then assuming you are 
pleased with the results,  what would be next?
 And think about the  externalities.
 With the first one there,  long-haul trucking.
 There is going to be an  issue with people, it was 
talked about a little bit in  the text chapters,. What 
about the customers, what  about the other people on the 
highway and so on.  Giving that group a lot of 
hands but there you go. 
 What kind of uncertainty are  they dealing with and which 
ones actually matter? 
 What sort of prediction  machines's
 should probably be first 
 and what effect would it  have,
 would there be more if that  works
 and where there any  externalities, which could be 
anything from 
 unions and their opinions 
 They can get messy though, 
 
 Let start at the bottom, 
 software development. 
 
 So one thing we talked about 
 was how prediction  machines's can be used
 to predict more 
 I guess like robotic or  automated processes,
 or building certain  components that are used 
frequently.  One example is like if you 
want to make a button, you  don't necessarily need to 
type out the code to make a  button but there might be AI 
system that gets developed  that can predict or like fill 
in the code for you.  And we talked about the 
long-term effects of that  would be like a shift almost 
in the skills of software  developers towards more of a 
systems thinking approach and  their role would be more kind 
of visualizing the systems  and interactions between 
components versus like the  more wrote six contacts of 
coding a function. 
 
 So the prediction there 
 is 
 is a you I like this prove,  here's all the code,
 OK, any other predictions  you can think of?
 That is close to happening  now.
 Anything else? 
 Anybody from entertainment  want to talk about
 what you're predicting 
 and what is the uncertainty? 
 
 Sure. 
 There is the stuff that we  are doing now already.
 Like if you go on Netflix 
 and see what movies you want  to watch next or you might be 
interested in, all of those  are prediction machines's 
working in the back round.  It is all a part of 
entertainment and then we  talk today about deep fakes.
 So all kinds of effects,  being able to put in all 
kinds of new features and  designs into the movie
 without necessarily having  someone be there. Being able 
to predict the angle, so the  light would be
 in the right place in order  to render the graphics 
correctly for the CGI.  That is 'Prediction Machines'.
 Then you also have 
 all of the other stuff that  prediction machines can do
 which is create things that  are never real.
 The interesting thing about  entertainment in general
 is being a fake might be a  problem in other industries,
 but in entertainment that is  the whole point.

 Some people might say that  is why they go to movies.
 It's to escape reality and  off they go.
 Some people might  say that is why they go to 
movies.  It's to escape reality and 
off they go.  What is the uncertainty there,
 availability of stars?  (Laughs)
 How about zoos, 
 are there any zoo people  here?
 
 I can talk about zoos which  I feel like is an 
unconventional field to think  about. We came up with a few,
.  We thought about on the 
zookeepers aside, where maybe 
 predictions for which  exhibits need attention when
 to make their jobs easier. 
 They could maybe reduce the  amount of zookeepers
 so that 
 less people could be in  charge of multiple 
exhibitions.\\ 
 There could be almost like  the (unknown term) 
interactions with different  animals. Maybe endangered or 
extinct animals, but out for 
 consumers. 
 It could be things like  addicting what kind of path 
you take in the zoo that  people like and think is 
enriching and creating that  customer experience by giving 
them a path to go through the  zoo to see the most things.
 But even on the ticket stale  side,
 her dripping wet seasons  people come to the zoo and 
how to price tickets based on  those.
 Cool 
, I like the idea of 
 while all of the ideas. 
 And if you could connect  that with robotics,
 you have anime tonics on  steroids.
 What is Disney going to be  doing with the stuff?
 At Disney World, 
 I don't want to bring up  that one ride
 but the one song that you  hear and get stuck in your 
head for a week, 
 but certainly that kind of  entertainment or fake zoos or 
whatever, why not?  Lots of things to think about 
there.  Fishing industry?
 Somebody was there. 
 
 We talked about potentially 
 predicting 
 the movement of fish 
, which obviously helps  determine
 which resources should be  allocated
 in broad strokes. 
 And then we had a (unknown  term) scenario
 where whether (unknown term)  was important.
 We can reduce a lot of the  cost
 and the reason people get  paid so much to be on fishing 
vessels is the danger  involved. So if you can 
address that with AI, that  would be pretty beneficial 

 That's a really good one, 
 the uncertainty of weather  and conditions.
 In employees with benefit,  absolutely.
 Maybe prices would stabilize  connect
? 
 Forestry and wildfire  prevention.
 This is important, we need  to do this.
 
 So kind of a big prediction 
 that we thought was when and  where.
 And knowing when and where  you could better utilize 
resources, 
 to concentrate them there  and for prevention.
 The flipside of that 
 is if the predictions are  wrong,
 you may need to have some  alternative methods
 to fight wildfires in areas 
 where you don't have a lot  of resources
 because you have already  moved them to where you think 
you are going to need them.  Also like
 in terms of manpower, 
 reducing manpower, 
 if you are good at  predicting where they are
 then you may not need as  many people which in a place 
like California, is actually  a good thing.
 They are so hammered by  wildfires that they need to 
use prison inmates and fly  firefighters over from 
Australia.  So that would be very 
beneficial for a place like  that.
 Some indications we thought  of more long-term
 where how does that affect  insurance for properties
? 
 Building codes and  construction,
 do you need to start  building buildings with more 
fire retardant material?  If you're using predation 
that says this area is more  likely to deal with wildfires,
 so that was kind of where  our conversation went.
 
 That's right, the whole  insurance industry, that is 
what they do. 
 They are into predicting  occurrence.
 How should your rates change? 
 If a teenager gets one more  ticket, his rate goes up.
 That sort of thing, it is  kind of automatic.
 Already they have predicted  that the odds are good
 that if you rent one of the  cars in Southern California
 and driving into Mexico, it  might not all come back.
 That is not a criticism of  Mexico, it is just a fact
 that new cars 
 get perhaps visited  sometimes so we are not 
supposed to do that. 
 And of course the whole idea  of protecting traffic and so 
on.  But yes, predicting wildfires
 goes back to weather. 
 It goes back to campers. 
 Who is in the woods? 
 What is the right number of  people to allow
 near Yosemite? 
 All kinds of things. 
 Energy distribution, 
 this is power an electric  demand and so on.
 Anyone have any predictions  there?
 
 What we were discussing was  basically like
 when 
 (unknown term), and we  discussed a couple of 
examples.  In recent history
 like the 96 blackout of 
 (unknown term) 
 and into thousand three the  blackout in the northeast,
 both of those resulted from 
 bad wire somewhere and it had 
 catastrophic applications  all the way going up to 
Canada, in some cases.  So maybe in these cases,
 if you can predict that  something has happened in 
this area is more likely to  be screwed than the next, so 
they can take preemptive  measures before that actually 
ends up happening.  And then try to fix the 
situation as a whole.  So I think preemptive nests 
could definitely be aided by  having production machines in 
 And it goes into 
weather again.  It does affect a lot of 
businesses in energy  description concerns. In New 
Hampshire you know, if it is  a heavy and wet snow you know 
the powers going to go out.  In related to that,
 what trees grow faster 
 and where do you send your  alignment to clean up the 
trees?  Alright, agriculture.
 This is kind of a big deal. 
 Anyway think about that? 
 
 Just to continue the  conversation on the energy 
pipeline, 
 so do you think 
 -- 
 we were also talking about  the pipeline (unknown term) 
that happened a few days ago,  do you think that would fall 
within this category of ideas  we are discussing? Because 
potentially there is a trend  that we see whenever there is 
a catastrophe that happens, a  lot of people tend to hoard 
resources so being able to  predict something like that,
 it's appropriate to start  thinking about dividing 
resources to those particular  areas

 Sure, 
 just continuity of your  business.
 Continuity of operations, it  is called.
 Lots of models already to  use there and if you had a 
bunch of data and hacks and  trends and so on,
 then maybe you could.  The whole idea of prediction 
and security, it is a busy  area.
 Back to agriculture, anybody  there?
 Nobody wants to talk about  agriculture?
 
 Our conversation digressed a  little bit
 but we discussed how to like  judge the quality of produce
 and we had an idea for an app 
 where if you hit a  watermelon,
 it will tell you how good it  is going to be. For people in 
 I love that
 because right now, I know  that you thump it but I don't 
know what you are trying to  hear. What I do
 is I find an elderly person 
 and I asked them, 
 I will say that my wife is  looking for a kumquat,
 I don't even know what that  is
 and they are always so happy  to help the dumb guy.

 We said barring the obvious  things of prediction,
 we can also start optimizing 
 different reward functions. 
 For example 
 if you are looking on 
 from a national (unknown  term) perspective,
 often times the towns that  the trucks
 stop that becomes impacted  by the economy.
 So if you are at a state  level
 then we might tweak reward  functions
 of what the prediction  machines is finding out
 to let some smaller towns  also benefit from the economy 
boost that comes from  truckers having to stop there.
 So maybe spreading out where  tracker stop.
 Also for long hauled 
 trucking because it is  across the country,
 you could also maybe have 
 prediction machines that  interact with each other.
 So kind of like ways 
 but obviously on steroids 
, where you are not just  giving one person around.
 You are planning routes  across every company, across 
every truck at the same time. 
 
 Essentially automatic ways. 
 After the long-haul truck 
G 
ets to where it is going,. 
 Suppose it is going to the  New Jersey side of the George 
Washington Bridge, it has to  deliver to an address in 
Manhattan.  Who plans that route?
 Who drives that truck, 
 is it may be even autonomous  connect
 up to the bridge 
s 
? 
 When a ship arrives at the  mouth of the Mississippi, 
there is a little town called  pilot town which has no 
streets.  And pilot town
, the ocean Captain 
 either gets off 
 our transfers control 
 to a river Capt 
 who comes on and does the  Riverdance.
 So to speak. 
 The whole idea may be  replicated
 when it gets down to the  last mile question
 of trucking. 
 I don't know if I want an  economist truck.
 An autonomous 18 wheeler  driving around in front of me 
in New York City. 
 Any other comments on any  other topics?
 I thought zoos would be fun. 
 And the whole idea of I went  to see the white tiger
 but it would not come out  from behind the rock,
 well OK, let's do deep fakes  here and where you want the 
white tiger?  OK, cool!
 Project time, see you on  Monday and enjoy the weekend.
 The weather is kind of iffy  but who knows.