 
 Good morning, afternoon,  evening.
 
 Good day. 
 
 It is time to kick off the  project.
 First, we start with a  Dilbert.
 And if you haven't thought  about it by now,
 clearly IBM and Google and  everyone recommends
 that in medicine, 
 or in lots of other  applications,
 you do not want a cognitive  system
 to complete diagnosis, 
 you want it to 
 combine forces with the  physician
 or loan officer or whatever 
 to get the best of both. 
 Anytime Dilbert mentions  Watson,
... 
 OK, 
 what are we going to do with  the project?
 The name of the project is  what if Watson was used in...
 And the rest is up to you. 
 Identify some real-world  challenge to solve, it can be 
serious or perhaps less so. 
 We will see some examples of  both.
 And then work as a team to  make that challenge.
 You can use anything on 
 the cloud thing that you want 
. 
 If it is more of a data  science thing,
 we did not talk about that  much
 but if that is what you are  into then go for it.
 The only thing that is out  there --
 that is not out there anymore 
 is the visual recognition,  which is really too bad 
because it was fun. 
 But things changed and off  it went.
 So you can use machine  learning, conversation, 
discovery, anything like that. 
 If you have had 
 deep AI classes before 
 and you really, really prefer 
 to use may be an Assistant  combined with
 a (unknown term) machine  learning model,
 fine. 
 One group used a machine  learning model
 to generate rap lyrics. 
 Not the music 
 but the lyrics. 
 Then of course in their  video,
 which is what you used to  present your final work,
 they performed the wrap. 
 Everybody in the room clapped 
 (Laughs) 
 Some of the words were a  little bizarre but that is 
OK, it wrapped. 
 Design and build a prototype 
 and not only that, 
 think about the business  plan.
 And this is really a big  part of this.
 We have spent a term using  this fantastic textbook
 to think about the economics 
 of cognitive systems. 
 The systems themselves are  cool and they do cool stuff
 but what is the point? 
 Why would anybody invest 
 in your project to bring  into reality?
 In the past, 
 I think since 2016 or 
 2015, 
 two different projects have  actually gone forward.
 Past the end of the term and  sought funding.
 I think both of them got it  but it didn't last very long,
 two years or three years.  But it is certainly a 
possibility.  And don't just think of what 
the Watson technology erectly  does,.
 -- Directly does. 
 It would not be sufficient  to just build a chat bot,
 do more than that.  More than we have done 
already.  And you are going to be in 
teams of up to four people 
 so you should be able to do  amazing things.
 We will see some examples in  a few minutes.
 of some of the amazing  things that have been done in 
the past.  So what makes a good? 
Original?  Every term somebody comes up
 with a (unknown term) bot, 
 I guess you want this time. 
 Some sort of food oriented  bot,
 look at what has gone before  you
 and try to come up with  something different,
 if that is what you really  want to do.
 People have used sentiment  analysis
 to look at Twitter feeds, 
 just try to do something  different.
 Anything, 
. 
 I told you before but the  team who took the orc
 and mashed it with much  pain, I might add,
 into discovery 
 and ended up at something  very interesting and useful.
 Others have finished their  project
 and offered it to the  registrar
 or to different parts of  Dartmouth,
 and I really don't know  where it went,
 but maybe it went forward. 
 I don't know past the end of  the term.
 It might even be a project  about services
 that people need or may not  even know they need.
 I will show you in a moment, 
 the very first competition 
 before I started teaching  this course
 was a competition across the  country
 that was not widely  advertised,
 it seems like it was kind of  focused
 on colleges where 
 senior management 
 happened to have attended  school.
 I'm sure that wasn't the  only reason but anyway, all 
of the schools competed and  they were given all of the 
tools and mentoring because  everybody knew this was cool 
but no one had ever seen it  before. And they built some 
amazing things.  They had business people on 
the team as well as geeks and  nerds like me
 and they did some really  cool stuff, we will see that.
 Something that changes in  outcome for the better
 or access to a practitioner 
 or limited resource person. 
 I saw a demo this morning,  in fact, I put it in slack.
 With all of the challenges  we have in the workplace
 with diversity discussions,  all of the different ones
 from age, gender preference, 
 religion, 
 race, all of these things. 
 These are hard discussions. 
 Not everybody has been  trained by the HR 
professionals in the  organization.
 So this one company has a bot 
, a chat bot, it is not so  much chat
 as it monitors the  conversation
 between you 
 and a demo personality. 
 Someone coming into  complained that
 (unknown term) is really out  of date and the need to 
retire, how do you interact  with this person? It is all 
virtual.  And then it gives you a grade.
 In gives you some examples  of the things that you should 
have said, where at that what  you are saying was not really 
helping. 
 So that was a really  interesting application.
 So get into your teams 
 and we will try to think of  something cool.
 Speech to text,  text-to-speech, that is 
always fun. 
 If you want to deploy it on  a (unknown term) device, I 
would encourage that.  It is more fun, it is more 
real,.  And your final video
 is your delivery. 
 Polished. 
 Music. 
 Dancing people, I don't know, 
 but it needs to look like  you are in a business school.
 It needs to look like you  are trying to present this
 to VC, venture capitalists,  to get this thing funding.
 OK? 
 Some of the motivation, why  are you doing this,
 what problem are you solving, 
 what is the value to  society, whatever your point 
is.  That is when you make it.
 I had trouble showing videos 
 in 2020, 
 but I am hoping that it is  going to work this time.
 Let me see if I can get it  all set up.
 I've got to do something  with the sound, as I recall.
 Tell me if you can hear it. 
 Can you hear? 
 (Video plays) 
 
 49% of the US population 
 relies on some social  service.
 That is a lot of people 
 do have a lot of questions. 
 Until now, 
 the people who rely on the  services
 have had to call the 211  hotline to get answers.
 At call scout, 
 we created a better way to  answer these questions.
 We partnered with the 211  call centre in Austin, Texas
 to create an app that uses  Watson technology to help 
people navigate the comebacks  world of social services. 
From healthcare to food  pantries,
 the 211 app provides answers  to the questions that matter 
most. 
 The 211 app also allows  people to do things
 that they previously  couldn't over the phone.
 Such as rating service  providers and providing 
updates for the services that  you use the most.
 At the 211 call centre, 
 operators and management can  manage the app
 and visualize user data. 
 They also have the ability 
 to provide feedback on  Watson answers
 and sharing that quality 
 will never be sacrificed for  efficiency.
 The 211 app 
 has been approved for a pilot 
 by the state of Texas 
 and we are on track to make  information more accessible
 to its 27 million residents. 
 But the 211 Texas app is  just the start.
 We want to bring the same  paradigm to all information 
referral call centres.  The process is simple \'96
 once a call centre is on  board,
 they give us any documents a  normal call centre employee 
would have access to. 
 Then we format their data 
 and train Watson. 
 After customizing one of our  app templates,
 the users can now ask  questions about their services
 without ever having to dial  a number.
 They can even get extra  features
 they would not have over the  phone.
 In call centre management 
 will still have the ability  to manage the app
 and provide expert training  for Watson,
 so that quality is never  sacrifice.
 Whether it is a bank, an  insurance provider,
 or the 211 hotline, 
 at call scout, our goal is  to use the best technology
 to provide the best customer  service.
 
 Not bad. 
 Not bad at all. 
 These folks one I think it  was $100,000
 in startup aid. 
 And of course I cannot offer  that
 But it went on 
 and I think it might even  still be in use.
 OK, 
 so maybe a couple more  examples,
 not the full movie 
 that we will get back to  that.
 This video is not like your  lap
 reviews.  I am not asking you to show
 the (unknown term) stuff, we  assume you know how to do 
these things by now.  The video is really a sales 
pitch. 
 It needs to show us why you  are doing it and why it helps.
 Certainly IBM doesn't take  these and run off with them
 and use them in commercials,  don't worry about that.
 Maybe somebody else would 
 but IBM wouldn't. 
 But anyway, 
 there were 10 contestants in  that first year
 and as soon as I could get  it together after that,
 we started teaching in your  Dartmouth.
 Similar courses exist in a  few places around the globe
 but not many. 
 We are lucky to have access  we have here.
 If I look at some of the  final projects
 from years past, I am not  going to play all the videos
 I am just way to show you  some example. And you can 
look at some of these are  cell. -- Your self
 in our resources page. 
 Public sentiment analysis, 
 you can probably guess what  that is.
 (unknown term), this is what  I want to show you.
 This was a team that  actually went to talk
 with one of the waste  management companies
 in the upper Valley. 
 (Video plays) 
 
 What does Dartmouth do with  all of the trash and 
recycling? 
 As you are probably aware, 
 but students are usually  very bad at correctly 
identifying 
 what is recycling and what  is trash
 and putting... 
 
 If it is not going to work,  it is not going to work.
 They went through and talked  at Casella
 , I don't know what made  them think this was an 
interesting topic because it  just never occurred to me.
 But their bottom line is, 
 when you do the zero sort  stuff with your recyclables,
 eventually they have to be  sorted and so they talk to
 Casella to ask how they do it 
 and they said that they hire  a bunch of people.
 They stand there and throw  things in different 
directions.  So OK, they be we could do 
this better.  So there idea
, and they used visual  recognition,
 to look at the trash 
 on a conveyor belt 
 and try to identify the  different things
 and then tell people, 
 set an alarm or something 
 saying tin can, 
 metal can, whatever, 
 and they try to come up with  something there.
 It really was pretty useful. 
 Several of them had to do  with food
 like nutrition, eating  snacks all the time.
 If you have a roommate who  eats poorly,
 you might use something like  Watson nutrition
 to give them 
 an idea of whether it was  good or not so good.
 Another one here 
 (unknown term), 
 I think that was the one  where you basically tell the 
system what you have in your  refrigerator
 and it goes off to various  free, online recipe sources
 and comes back with a couple  of recommendations for menus.
 Or recipes that you might  try, given what you have on 
 There is the orc chat bot, 
. 
 The neurological systems  checker, this was an 
interesting project. 
 This team had a colleague 
, a professor friend, in med  school
 and he was the guy 
 for a particular  neurological condition.
 And he had been trying to  publish his textbook, or his 
notes, because he was about  to retire.
 So the original idea was to  work with this team
 to transfer at least some of  the initial parts of his
 so that it might be able to 
 do the diagnosis 
 or at least estimate a  diagnosis
 and be widely distribute it. 
 The project was not able to  continue
 all of the way to that goal 
 because 
 I had to ask IBM, 
 if somebody puts  copyrightable information 
into Watson 
 then who owns the copyright? 
 And at the time, 
 the attorneys kind of  scratch their head
 and said that was a tough  one.
 So we just decided that we  would not go there
 and they were not able to  release it to the general 
public but they still used  the information.
 Others have worked with  other professors
 in their favourite areas,  cognitive science,
 the med school again 
 like the radiological  Assistant, that sort of thing.
 Let's look at a couple of  more.
 Let's say, 2018, 
 this is the year we had two  sections.
 So there was a huge  collection.
 This is the one I want to  show you.
 (Video plays) 
Cigarette 
 
 Breathalyzers already exist 
 they are not as readily  available.
 Electric 
 
 You get the idea, 
 this was fun. 
 They recorded with permission 
 unnamed individuals 
 in varying degrees of 
 hammered 
 (Laughs) 
 And tried to train the  system to tell the difference.
 And it worked pretty well. 
 Again, there sample size was  limited to the number of 
friends that they knew who  were willing to be a part of 
it.  They did it very informally,
 we did not have to go get 
 human experimentation  permission and that sort of 
thing, it was just their  friends.
 And probably themselves as  well.
 So that was fun. 
 Cryptocurrency was a big  deal in 2018
 and so we have three  different project looking at 
that. 
 Here's a good one that  became mobile.
 It was a mobile tour of  Dartmouth.
 Take a picture of a  building, uploaded,
 and we will tell you what  building it is, very helpful.
 Travel advisor, that was  also popular then.
 And so on, you can take a  look here.
 This one started off as well, 
 there was a game online  called HQ, some of you may 
remember that.  They tried to get Watson going
 since discovery comes out of  the
 box trained on current news, 
 they tried to compete using  Watson discovery
 and it wasn't quite fast  enough.
 People were faster at that  time.
 If they didn't have to use  the three-tier, I'm sure they 
would have kicked HQ quite  well.
 This is another one that was  video.
 Find your 
 Dragon back animal, that was  hilarious.
 Last year was particularly  troubling
 because we all were tossed  into
 COVID problems. 
 So we had to do the projects  remotely, as you will,
 and it worked anyway. 
 As much trouble as we  thought we were going to have,
 it worked out very well.  So market research,
 song identification, 
 coming up with the perfect  playlist,
 dealing with your calendar, 
 even poetry generation. 
 Which was rough 
 but they actually made some  interesting
 progress. 
 Mood tracking, 
 all kinds of things. 
 I have graduate videos as  well.
 You can go have a look at  some of those
 and see if they generate any  kind of ideas for you.
 Clearly, you will need to  check out your teams.
 Now the teams are randomly  assigned.
 Most of you, I think there  is one person
 who is in Hawaii 
, lucky person, 
 and I believe there is one  person in China,
 and we will work it out if  the time zones turn out to be 
a problem.  If you are aware of a problem 
when you see your group, talk  to the group or me.
 We do most of our work  anyway through slack so it 
shouldn't matter too much.  But we do want everyone to be 
able to participate.  So the teams are assembled,
 we can define slack  channels, I guess you can do.
 When you start having ideas, 
 you can bounce them off 
 the TA 
 or myself. 
 You could put them into the  (unknown term) channel
 and see what other people  think.
 Don't worry that Summit is  going to steal your idea
 because that would be  against the honour code.
 They might do something  similar where there is a 
different spin but that is OK. 
 This coming Monday, 
 I know that is quick, 
 you need to have met with  your group
 and at least to narrow down 
 if not completely identified  what you're going to do.
 And you need to submit NAI  canvas.
 Just the one side, AI canvas, 
 and we will go through them  in class on Monday
 very quickly, just to give  you feedback.
 So with four people per  team, we have 11 teams,
 I think we can get through  all those rather quickly.
 Three-minute proposals 
 on the 17th. 
 Final presentations 
 not so much in person but  live,
 it is going to be tricky  with Zoom
 we didn't last year so we  can do it again.
 If you want to try to  demonstrate your stuff live,
 that is fine.  I would recommend instead
 that you talk about it, show  parts of the video,
 talk a bit more about  problems and how you solve 
them and so on.  But going live is just a 
scary (Laughs) That's why we  use videos. I would suggest 
that you (unknown term) the  live video
 and those of the last two  days of class.
 So 10% of the grade 
 is a proposal, 
 the whole idea. 
 You can go through this, I  don't need to read it to you. 
But we will have team  assessments at the end, 
anonymous.  So again, thank
 you can entrepreneur, think  out-of-the-box.
 Some people think of the  idea and then go hunt for 
Watson tools to accomplish it  stop others go the other 
direction, whatever you want. 
 Knowledge sources, I keep  talking about the orc project.
 That one was hard 
 because the format that the  orc was in
 made it difficult to feed  into Watson, into discovery.
 So they had to go through 
 and mark up a lot of the  stuff
 using Watson knowledge studio 
 to train Watson 
 so that I can actually  understand what it is reading.
 So out-of-the-box, a kind of  knows how to read the news
 but it doesn't know that  much about
 prerequisites, 
 and apartments and things  like that.
 So they had to teach it. 
 If there is any  intellectual-property concern 
or copyright concerns with  your data, talk to me.
 We will figure it out. 
 And make sure that it is 0K  for you to use it.
 We don't have to worry about  the video stuff but students 
in the past downloaded a  bunch of copyrighted pictures
 and we had to redirect that  project
 because it was not  acceptable, even for 
educational use., because of  where they got them.
 An online catalogue. 
 A report, 
 you can see what it should  have.
 Knowledge sources, what is  the motivation, all of these 
things.  And in the final video. 
Submit to canvas, 
 the report telling us all of  these things,
. 
 In the video, and needs to  start off with the title
 and team number and team  name,
 you can always give yourself  a name
 but for us to keep things  straight
 in canvas, we do need your  team number in there as well.
 And some naming  recommendations at the top.
 OK, that's a lot of stuff. 
 but we are a lot of people,  so I thick we can pull this 
off.  Questions, comments?
 Nothing? 
 
 I've actually got a question. 
 Where can we find, you said  our groups are assigned \'96

 Perfect timing.  You go to canvas,
 you click on people, 
 and then project groups. 
 There are 12 groups. 
 So Group 1, 
 you can go through and find  yourself.
 Group 12 has only got three  people in it
 but they are three ninjas,  so I am not worried.
 They will pull it off. 
 There they all are, good. 
 Any other questions? 
 Well, 
 today is a short day because  you probably want to reach out
 and if you don't know your  partners,
 introduce yourselves.  There is usually a question
 of people not wanting to be  paired randomly but I have a 
very simple answer for that \'96  assuming you're graduating 
this term or maybe next year, 
 and then assuming that you  actually choose to go to a 
 you get to pick the company  but you do not get to pick 
the team that you will be  working with. Even if it is a 
startup, you have to work  with people you don't know. 
And one of the things that  Dartmouth computer science 
likes to encourage is working  with people that you do not 
know.  There are all kinds of 
reasons for that from you  have no idea what capability 
someone else might have two  diversity issues, as well. 
Now this is random, I had no  hand in it,
 so if you feel like I am  picking on you by putting you 
in a group with him her or  them, no. Canvas did it 
(Laughs) So there we are.  If there are serious problems,
 there is only been one time  in five years of this course 
that there has been a serious  problem, come to me directly 
and we will figure it out.  And so with that, I will let 
you go.  Between now and Wednesday, 
maybe you should think about  it because Wednesday is Q&A 
discussion about projects. 
 Last comment 
 and I will leave you to it, 
 be realistic. 
 You are not going to do  'Jeopardy!'
 in the amount of time that  you have left,
.  Look at some of the videos
 and you will see that they  did cool things,
 many of them did really cool  things,
 but they were very closely  scoped.
 You know how to use these  tools
 so you probably realize that  this takes time.
 If you bite off too much, 
 I will try to give you  feedback on Monday saying
 that that is going to hurt  (Laughs)
 And maybe you will make  modifications.
 But that is the reason why  we have Wednesday to talk 
about it.  Friday is our last reading 
discussion and then Monday,  three-minute quickies.
 Just with the one slide 
 and once you have submitted  them,
 I will display the slides  for you.
 Any other questions? 
 OK, 
 then I will see you on  Wednesday.
 Meet your teammates 
 and start thinking. 
 See you then, 
 bye. 
 Live Captioning by Ai-Media 