 which I guess you might expect. 
 So let's try something. 
 
 I just wanted to say thank you for  the speaker
 because it was pretty awesome to  hear Zebedee speak about it.
 She's pretty good, 
 she is also a graduate of Norwich 
 -- 
 Georgia Tech. 
 Yeah, she can certainly ruin your  day. (Laughs)
 So let's try something. 
 Find your hand raising button. 
 And raise your hand if you know how  to drive.
 
 Without crashing or in general? 
 
 Just in general. 
 Alright, 
 we are going to go through and I am  going to ask other questions
 and drop your hand when you do not  qualify.
 Keep your hand up if you can  maintain that vehicle, spark plugs 
are all changed, transmission and so  on. So you can fix it if it breaks.
 Or parts of it, at least.  OK,
 then if you can use a map to get  around the city
 or an iPhone or Amazon thing. 
 So far you can drive, you can  maintain it and you can get around.
 Now keep your hand up if you can  write a horse.
 So far you can drive, you can fix  it, you can write a horse.
 Keep your hand up if you can build  a shelter.
 If you had to. 
 We got to zero faster than usual. 
 Raise your hand if you know how to  hunt.
 And what to do with it 
 if you succeed. 
 Can you start a fire 
 like the Boy Scouts there or Girl  Scouts?
 Could you raise animals? 
 Can you use the animals 
 for things other than food 
, like tanning leather 
 or making clothing? 
 Spend wool. 
 And who would know, I guess the  folklore or the general knowledge
 about what to 
 (unknown term) where you live. 
 Why don't we know the stuff? 
 Doesn't it ever come up? 
 Sure, you have to drive 
 but why don't we know the stuff? 
 
 Because I do not live on the farm  anymore, maybe that is why.
 You don't need to know is  what you're saying.
 If we had another pipeline hack  like that,
 we would all use 
 -- lose gas and we cannot use our  cars,
 we would lose power.  So it might be handy to know the 

 I think it is like specialized  knowledge.
 These days, not every buddy needs  to know how to repair their car.
 You would be able to find a repair  person, hopefully.
 And if you need food, 
 you help somebody else is  specialized in that it makes that.
 So we have all got our roles 
 and we do not have to be  self-sufficient and do everything 
 Yes, sure.
 And if it did come down to 
, like with my son and his dirt bike, 
 I have worked on cars 
 but I had never worked on a bike. 
 I always look it up. 
 If you were forced to, you could  figure out how to build a shelter.
 Lightning strikes her house in  Brazil down,
 -- burns it down, 
 you could build something to stay  dry or warm.
 But you have to look it up. 
 As the internet grows to make  instantly available information
 available, 
 why keep it in your head? 
 One of the productivity gurus out  there,
 Mr David 
 I can't remember his name, 
 Mr getting things done 
 pointed out that your brain is  really good at coming up with stuff
 but it really stinks at remembering  it.
 And if you spend all your time  trying to keep all of your tasks in 
your brain and in your mind, you are  going to spring a leak. You are 
going to drop something so get it  out of your mind., so you can work 
more like a mind like water.  A smooth level,
 no matter what you find the smooth  level.
 Anyway, that is a different topic. 
 So how did we disseminate knowledge  before?
 We told stories. 
 
 Storytellers, scribes, 
. 
 X 
 
 Before bucks, it was the tribe or  the group.
 There are probably many examples  that all of you can think of
 where some older family member,  grandmother or grandfather all the 
way back, that had stories that were  never written down stop who,
 as they are married, that sort of  thing.
 Or even, the recipes. 
 Aunt (Name) past 20 years ago, 
 nobody knows how to make those  donuts.
 Not even her daughters. 
 There we go, start writing stuff  down.
 Also songs, plays, all of these  things.
 We started writing things down 
 and when that happened, 
 we were no longer limited to our  group.
 You could go beyond your comfort  zone, you could leave your tribe and 
learn more things. 
 And we started interacting with  other groups, then books came,
 then intersect -- information  itself began to move.
 And it has really been fascinating  to think about this
 and how we got to where we are now. 
 And what we know now is really just  a network.
 A network of memory partners, 
 I think is the term. 
 Whether it is your phone or  whatever.
 I heard a comedian, 
 say that if you are arrested 
 in your phone was confiscated 
 before you are offered your 
 one call, 
 would you even remember any numbers? 
 Besides 911, right? 
 That's tough. 
 I might remember numbers because I  have children
 and I am always reminding them what  our phone number is
 but as long as we have these  electronic memory partners,
 do we really even need human  memories?
 And we start to lose track and so  on.
 That is what 
 we are facing with our cognitive  systems.
 They learn at a moment in time 
 and then they leave the tribe, 
 and they are in the real world. 
 And the effect that they have 
, whether it is not knowing who to  call when you are arrested
 or having no idea how to build a  structure,
 or start a fire intentionally  (Laughs),
 We lose that. 
 So, how much can we forget 
 is a common statement or question 
 that cognitive computing folks  think about.
 We are trying our best to succeed 
 at building be smart toys, 
 I'm sorry tools, 
 and they are replacing capabilities. 
 Starting soon, 
 the autonomous boat 
 will be leaving 
 Portsmouth, England, I think it is. 
 The one that was on the video a few  weeks ago.
 And once that is able to make it  across the ocean,
 the Atlantic, by itself with no  touching or people,
 what is that going to do 
 for transportation? 
 For shipping? 
 And so on. 
 It is going to be very interesting  to see what happens.
 Will we lose that capability? 
 Of driving through the high seas. 
 What about tracks? 
 Autonomous drivers, 
 we talked about that. 
 So the balance 
 of what we can forget 
 and what we can actually make sure  we still remember
 might be a good idea. 
 Any thoughts on this weird concept 
 of what do we know that we don't  need to know, going forward?
 What can we forget? 
 Tracy? 
 
 I feel like this kind of relates to  embodied cognition
 and the idea that sometimes our  technology
 like becomes a part of our minds,. 
 There is a famous example of someone 
 who has a really bad memory so he  always carries around a notebook,
 and he always raced on deposed  names or things that he needs to 
remember stop whenever he needs to  remember something, he just looks in 
his notebook 
 and the idea is that it is the same  thing that people do when they are 
thinking in their brain.  If it results in the same outcome or 
the person remember the name, is the  notebook part of that person's mind 
at that point?  So it's kind of interesting how this 
technology can...  Yeah, it seems
 (inaudible) to us but it can be  thought of as internal to us as well.
 Yeah, second brain. 
 And that was one of the goals of  Google Glass.
 I don't know if any of you ever saw  it but it was a cool piece of
 glasses where there was a camera,  which was its downfall,
 and the goal was that if you look  at someone
 or someplace like a building at  Dartmouth,
 you could have an app that would  take that image
 and go look it up and come back and  say that that is
 (unknown term). 
 Or that is Tracy, Charles, Jack or  Jill.
 But that sort of freak people out  because weight \'96
 I don't even know this guy or gal 
 and yet they know my name. 
 Because they have the Google Glass. 
 So the data thing, or data. 
 Privacy. 
 What about wearing Google Glass 
 into a casino? 
 (Laughs) 
 There are no cameras in the casino 
 where 
 the result of that camera feed 
 is outside of the control of the  casino.
 You cannot bring a camera in there,  I am surprised he can be a smart 
phone but...  I guess if you pick up your smart 
 
Another example that came to mind  was written words are writing
 because I also take Chinese at  Dartmouth
 and when I went to China, I was  really surprised to hear
 that a lot of people just forgot  how to write characters out
 because they never have to anymore.  And although,
 of course there are hundreds of  thousands of characters
, I wonder if in the US or in other  countries,
 which will start to phase out by  hand

 Yes, that is a very good point 
 because even worse than that, 
 some languages never had 
 the equivalent. 
 This is probably no 30 years ago, 
 but the Navajo language 
 or at least one of them 
 did not have a written form. 
 One of the 
 wackos 
 at IBM research, 
 and I use the term wacko very much  on purpose,
 heard about this and said that it  was crazy.
 He was one that we called a mad  font (unknown term),
 he would make up fonts for  different evocations.
 And he went and worked with them  and help them come up
 with a way to write down what they  had.
 So they now had a way to write down  their folklore before they locks all 
that culture. 
 
 I think another example is math and  calculate her's.
. 
 It's interesting because it's not  like doing mental math is obsolete,
 in many cases it is still very  helpful, but at the same time,
 a lot of the very route tasks that  would take a long time are not
 done by calculators -- are done by  calculators way faster than a human 
can do.  So it is interesting, in a 
discipline where both certain tasks  that become inefficient can be 
phased out but at the same time,  there are things like upload 
regulations or the ability to  produce numbers on your feet in 
front of like -- and an important  situation
. 
 It is a bit of both. 
 
 Yeah, we are losing some of that  stuff
 and when we go to look it up, 
 we don't always know is I where to  look.
 The Google engineers 
 purposely defining a bizarre  nonsense term
 and then sat there 
 and queried it many, many, many  times.
 and then they caught the Microsoft  Bing service
, apparently was learning from Google 
 because they had set up a dummy  page.
 Got you! 
 Trial and error, 
 you try to look it up 
 and you get garbage, you look again. 
 Same with the math that name actors  pointed out.
 I know the CEO of IBM very well, 
 and one of the things that blew  people away was his
 ability to do math (unknown term). 
 He is not a genius, he is a really  smart guy
 but he can do math on his feet.  And you are right, most people 
cannot.  They pull out their phone
 and asked Siri to calculate 
 Calvin's to Fahrenheit, 
 and I know how to do that but I do  not want to.
 So there you go.  How much can we forget?
 We've seen prediction machines 
 getting better and better 
 and cheaper and smaller. 
, 
 relatively fast. 
 What are we going to forget next? 
 For example, 
 the book talks about risk. 
 What is risk? 
 Surely, 
 someone in class today 
 made a risk assessment 
 already this morning. 
 How did you decide something? 
 
 I just like to answer your last  question
 which is what are we going to  forget next.
 We are going to forget how to  think, right?
 And that is because 
 you used to have to make your own  opinion on subjects
 because no one was telling you, 
 now with social media, everyone is  telling you everything.
 You are just overwhelmed with other  people's opinions.
 I had a very interesting situation 
 where I was listen to somebody  talking,
 who had gone to school here in the  US
 and gone to China, 
 and China had changed their views  on certain subjects
 but China also hadn't challenge  their views on other subjects.
 And I could tell that they had just  recycled what they learned in school
 because those were the same things  that I learned in school.
 So you start being able to tell  that people are just reciting what 
 
Yes, it is the yelp effect.  You look things up.
 That's a very good point, Joseph, 
 are we losing our own ability to  assess something
 because it would take work? 
 Because we are moving around so  much, we have never been to a certain
 restaurant or store before, so look  it up and see.
 Hotels.  And how believable is that stuff?
 If you built a prediction machine 
 to go wander through the reviews of  trip advisor
 or yelp or whatever, 
 how good is that Dana? 
 -- Data? 
 Some people are just so happy 
 that they wouldn't make a review. 
 Maybe the only people who make  reviews are the ones who are not 
happy.  Is that a valid sample, a valid 
training Sibyl?  Probably not.
 But it is available 
 and it is data. 
 So data quality 
 is not going to get better,  necessarily.
 Prediction machines are getting  better and better and we are 
beginning to forget, and we still  handle these risk assessments.
 Should I skip class today so I  study for that, that is a risk 
assessment?.  Should I have a cheeseburger?
 That is when I face all the time. 
 The answer is always no. 
 but it is a risk assessment. 
 How long are we going to be making  those risk assessments?
 How long before we have a  prediction machine
 to help us make these decisions? 
 To supposedly make better decisions. 
 Comments, anyone?  Is anyone else out there besides 

 I was thinking that the issue with  that idea
 is that we don't necessarily want  to make optimal choices.
 Like you are saying and what having  a cheeseburger, you know it is not 
good for you but you do it anyway  because sometimes you don't want to 
do what is good for you.  So I don't think you can ever 
replace this completely, because a  machine will do whatever is best for 
you in the long run.  But people like to make bad 
decisions.  I think it will be an advisor but 
 That is a refreshing 
thought 
, 
 we all want to cheat. 
 It is difficult to nail down your  scoring function.
 How do you rate performance? 
 Suppose I am presented with a treat  on Tuesday,
 you're right, the machine is going  to say no.
 Just like a strict parent. 
 Maybe we want that, maybe we don't. 
 
 If we are talking about what is and  isn't best for somebody,
 ultimately that is something you  need to be judged on.
 When you're deciding whether or not  at the cheeseburger,
 what you are trying to optimize a  sometimes different. If you are 
going to come down the side of no,  you are optimizing for help. But if 
you're coming down on the side of  yes, you are optimizing for culinary 
experience.  So determining what the aims of such 
a judgement is going to be, that is  something that you would need to 

 Yeah, what are you trying to  optimize?
 It could be dependent on where you  are and the conditions

 One other thing that machines might  not take into consideration when it 
comes to risk is that humans also  consider what they are losing
 when they take the risk.  So for example, if you were to flip 
a coin where if it landed on head  you get $10 or you can lead with 
four dollars,.  In theory, the machine would take 
the coin flip because you're  expected five dollars. However 
research has shown that human  switches take the four dollars 
because they are afraid of having  zero.
 So that's when we are talking about  humans being irrational, that is 
 
You're right, the book also pointed  out that we are really bad at 
statistics.  And if you take CS 55 with me, you 
will also know that we are really  bad at picking random numbers. It is 

 I guess it is interesting because  people made a lot of good points 
about why it is difficult for  machines to sort of pinned down the 
judgement functions and evaluate  risk in a way humans do. But it is 
kind of like the reading talked a  lot about trade-offs and it seems 
like there is all most another  trade-off and system design, or just 
concepts where you can sacrifice so  like if you were able to see what 
humans do, given certain inputs and  you sort of just infer from that 
what an average human would do, even  if you don't take -- you don't 
really think about the judgement at  all from the machine's point of 
view, you can sort of approximate  risk assessments at least in the 
sense of the outcome.  But the trade-off with that is in 
exchange for your better machine  judgement, you sort of lose the 
ability to handle unforeseen  situations because you do not have 
data from what humans have done.  You don't really have that domain 
knowledge of what is really going  on. So I guess that sort of seemed 
like another trade-off that you have  to think about, is being 
forward-looking verses having  accuracy and the degree to which you 
rely on human data when you are  trying to approximate judgements 
 And that is exactly the 
point, he said it at the very end.  -
 approximating judgement.  No matter how hard we try,
 there is always going to be -- 
 information 
 that the cognitive system might not  have
 or might not have up to date. 
 
 Prof, 
 did you encounter the story of  long-term capital management
 back in like the 90s? 
 Refresh my memory. 
 
 Long-term capital management was a  fund made by
 several economic prizewinners. 
 A bunch of Nobel Prize winners in  economics
 decided that they were smart so  they could create a model
 that should be able to beat the  market. And they created a portfolio
 that they considered riskless, so  they had taken a bunch of models
 and calculate its stocks where if  one went down than the other one 
went up.  So the idea is that it doesn't 
matter what kind of situation you  hit, something is always going up. 
So that way it is riskless.  So what they did is put in a bit of 
money, then they borrowed a huge  amount, if you are borrowing 20 
times more than you initially put  in, you are still making a large 
profit.  So it was going all well until it 
didn't.  And the reason is because they had 
miscalculated the risk because all  of their models were taking in 
recent history, and what they had  done with that is they had assumed 
that the risk of a government  defaulting on its bonds was zero. 
And unfortunately, the risk was not  zero. Just because it had never 
happened, does not mean it would not  happen. And then the Russian 
government went and defaulted on  their (unknown term) so they lost 
everything.  But the idea is because her model 
had never seen such a situation  before, just like in 2008 all of the 
models that it was impossible for  all of the housing markets to 
collapse at the same time, if you  haven't had it happen before then 
your machine is going to tell you  the risk is zero when really the 
risk is there, you just have not  seen before. You have not been able 
 It's all about the data, 
right.  So when we are talking about risk, 
and again, this is not a management  class but we are often called to use 
cognitive systems and you will be to  reduce risk, or at least understand 
it.  Whether it is their early examples 
of should this person get a loan at  a bank
 or should I use this supplier 
 with slightly thinner metal 
 to produce my product? 
 Is there a quality risk? 
 If you think about the Occupational  Safety and Health Administration
 Emma 
, 
 they are all about safety, 
 is there a safety risk? 
 An input data, we talked about that. 
 Fake data is a huge opportunity. 
 It is all about dealing with people 
 who may or may not 
 be able to do a job, 
 may not be dependable, 
 may not have all of the data, 
 to give to the cognitive system and  so on.
 A lot of the talk is about, 
 let's spend those same people  finding the data
 and training these systems. 
 Not like Microsoft (unknown term) 
, where you put it on the internet 
 and let the wackos on the internet  train it.
 That did not pay out very well. 
 But you move the people from the  current positions
 and have them start helping you get  the data,
 either from their own had an  experience or other sources.
 There is a quote I want to share.  A long time ago, this guy named
 (Name), English mathematician 
 who worked was touring, I think. 
 said " 
the first ultra intelligent machine 
 is the last that man need ever make 
," 
 We will talk about that last part, 
 we kind of talked about the last  part already,
 but the first part is very  interesting.
 If we do 
 produce a machine 
 that is pretty doggone smart, 
 even if it is just in one  particular area,
 we don't ever need to make another  machine in that area.
 And if it is general intelligence, 
 if we succeed in getting past all  these risk questions
 and finally build 
 general intelligence systems, 
 are we done? 
 Is it like the movie wall \'96 easy, 
, 
 where the 
 humans are taking care of? 
 And if you don't like 
 (Name)'s quote, then there is  Stephen Hawking.
 The late Nobel prize-winning  physicist.
, 
 genius person. 
 He said the automation of factories  is already decimated jobs
 in traditional manufacturing. 
 (Reads) 
 This is kind of scary, and make  make people pause and say they are 
not going to go there.  But then the appeal and the offer of 
reducing risk, raising profits,  improving the life, it is pretty 
attractive. 
 So what you think, are we trying to  build the last invention?
 Are we done with us when we achieve  it?
 And the number of people saying we  will achieve it in the next 50 years
 is pretty high.  Some say we will never get there, 
some say we are there already, some  say we are in between. The majority 
say we are in between.  I don't know.
 If you saw the movie Wally, you  know what I'm talking about.
 So what is the effect, the effect  on jobs?
 As the Pasi Yoav IMB Project  Debater,
 new collar jobs, is not going to  work?
 Is this all a big scary story, 
 a horror story that is not true? 
 I am trying to bait you hear 
 and I am getting nothing (Laughs) 
 
 I feel like we have kind of talked  about this before
 and it will take away some drops 
 -- jobs but it will just allow for  expertise to be better used in 
different areas.  Like the chat box can redirect to
 frequently asked questions 
 or it can connect you with a person 
 if it is not frequently asked. 
 Like if you really need a human. 
 So I feel like it is overall very  much helpful.
 Anything we can control it 
 and not get out of hand? 
 
 I think that the more access 
 to this artificial intelligence 
 and cognitive systems that we have, 
 the more opportunities there will  be for humans
 in different places. 
 
 Wow, we have several people. 
 
 I am a government majors so I'm  going to take this from the (unknown 
term) route. 
 But I think it will largely depend  on the kind of regulation
 and things that our government  officials put into place.
 Because if we look historically,  there was a ride spread
 technological change around the  time of the Industrial Revolution
 and for significantly raised 
 a lot of people out of poverty 
 and it was a large-scale change 
 that overall 
 improved the standard of living for  many people.
 It still caused a lot of widespread  pain
 and there were definitely growing  pains
 and I feel like there will be times  in history
 where we will have to confront  widespread technological change
 and it is up to the government  officials to change
 -- make that social safety net as  we transition from one area to the 
other.  As our speakers at the other day, 
I'd genuinely feel that technology  is moving at such an advanced base
 and if you see the way our  congresspeople really talk about 
technology then you know they have  no idea what they are talking about 
most of the time.  So I think that the
 -- 
 we really don't like to regulate  things in the United States,
 you can see that Europe is already  putting in place privacy laws
 and things to protect consumers  against this widespread change.
 So I think there is going to be a  lot of growing pains as we change to 
this process because I believe our  government is very ineffective at 
helping us move and take quick  action while these things are 
 Very well said and that is 
a key contribution that all of you  can make after you leave Dartmouth.
 If you ever have the chance to  explain this to people
 who are Congress critters as some  like to call them,
 your representatives or even town  government,
 this is your chance to try to  resolve some of the challenges
 that (Name) very delightfully  described.
 
 Honestly, just kind of echoing a  lot of the things that were just 
said.  The economy has changed and evolved 
over time 
 and sometimes very quickly, that  can definitely cause
 a lot of friction or to spaceman. 
 But even pre-pandemic, we had  extreme a low
 and employment rates 
 and we have been automating things 
 for at least over a century. 
 All the way back to the assembly  line.
 It could be an issue of equity as  opposed to will there be jobs, 
because I think we are really good  at making jobs for people. Whether 
 Yes, you 
are a great man because were leading  into my next topic but we have other 

 I agree with Spencer, the  cognitivists changed a lot
 and I don't think it is necessarily  smart
 to resist change. 
 As we will get more efficient, 
. 
 But what I would say 
 is that in a certain sense 
, automation 
 allows humans to focus more on  judgement
 and both on determining and acting  on the payoffs
 and kind of freeing them 
 from a lot of data decisions 
 that are not necessarily super  interesting
. 
 I do think 
 that the point on equity is one 
 which is very well met, 
 and that 
 if we are automating the jobs of  truck drivers,
 although maybe there is 
 highly skilled jobs that come out  of it,
 there is no easy path 
 for that particular truck driver to  be the one who answers it.
 -- Enters it. 
 I think it is on government leaders 
 to create that pipeline, 
 or at the very least, create a  safety nest
t 
 by which they can have social  account ability and skill mobility 
as well.  And people can retrain themselves
 for this new economy. 
 I think allowing them to have the  safety net
...  And on ones
 
 Tracy? 
 
 If we are the king of AI that has  general human intelligence,
 I think at that point that argument  for the similarity are strong.
 That AI is going to get smarter and  smarter and humans are going to be 
able to compete.  I find it hard to believe that we 
will be able to control AI at that  point. So there, it kind of seems 
like integrate humans with AI is  going to be more of what happens to 
society.  At that point, society and the 
economy in general will be kind of a  different game.
 So it is not like humans won't  necessarily have a place there
 but it may be different from like  how we imagine it right now.
 Yeah, it is truly a brave  new world.
 
 I think one of the things that we  should consider
 is what has happened in the past  when economic changes
 to the country work. 
 One of the more recent examples we  can see is (inaudible)
 where coal is becoming less and  less widely used as a fuel source 
and with that, coal mines are being  shut down. And further,
 the people who used to work in  those places,
 the people whose towns were built  up around homelands are not being 
rehired.  So whatever our current schema are, 
they are not at least inherently  focused on getting people to jobs 
that they need. 
 It sometimes happen and they are  good incentives for it in some cases,
 but not inherently.  I guess I can't attribute a cause to 
this but certainly it seems to be  related
 to a major culture of you get what  you look for and nothing more.
 And there is value to that in some  cases but I heard is when someone is 
like I have no opportunities to  actually work. Like someone living 
in a coal town in West Virginia  would not have the opportunity to 
pick up and move somewhere else.  So unless there is some way in which 
we can account for that, AI is going  to cause us problem even more. It 
needs to be addressed, I think, in a  way that we have not been doing so. 
 We should try to do it  right the first time (Laughs) 
Because this is accelerating.  So, a couple of you have raised the 
point of equity.  And that is one of the last points 
made in the book.  is will cognitive systems
 appear universally? 
 Will the productivity gains 
 make it such that 
 companies want to 
 embrace this, 
 want to move towards it. 
 Will hire skilled workers have an  advantage
 will it improve 
 lifelong learning, 
. 
 The last 18 months we have been  practising
 about education, 
 maybe this was well-timed? 
 If you can imagine. 
 an upside to what we've gone  through.
 Will richer companies, bigger  companies,
 have an advantage? 
 Will the start of culture be  impacted?
 What about international? 
 Will countries have advantages over  others?
 The book mentioned 
 that one of the great advantages  that China has
 which is people. 
 Not that they line them up and make  them all start typing,
 but they have the data. 
 Regardless of the privacy  applications there,
 they have the data. 
 And as the book points out, 
 millions of transactions per day, 
 they are learning from that data. 
 And there is data in the US 
 and Africa and everywhere else. 
 But will these advantages, is this  a bad thing?
 Are we going to go that way, do you  think that is going to happen?
 I guess as a final question, is  Valerie or Putin correct
 when he said that the country that  leads in AI will lead in the world?
 So should we aim to democratize  this capability?
 Should it be dragged into the  government
 and have governments around the  world try to monitor
 and control this technology? 
 Or should we just let the three 
 -- free-market rain 
 and deal with what we are given? 
 
 I just like to point out 
 that I think Putin's quote is  correct
 but it may be correct because 
 the country that is leading in the  world
 might develop AI the best, 
 not the opposite. 
 It might not be that AI helps them  get to the first position
 but that the country with the most  resources
 will be able to have the largest  amount
 of intelligent people, trained  people,
 large amounts of money to spend on  the hardware
 that other countries don't have. 
 But yeah, I definitely think the US  will fall behind
 and that's why I'm studying in  China, and of story.
 
 As a corollary to that 
 or as my Indian 
 manager puts it, 
 (unknown term), 
 even if you decide to embrace these  cognitive systems,
 will you be able to 
 given their increasing 
 power requirements? 
 The whole idea of responsible  computing comes into play, as well.
 These things are power hogs or they  can be.
 If you ever do anything hard-core 
 ML work, 
 on a laptop, 
 you can almost 
 see the battery level drop. 
 Is that going to be a limiting  factor?
 The fact that the amount 
 of reliable power varies by  country, location,
 West Virginia versus backwoods  Louisiana
 where I am from?. 
 
 This one essentially pretty easy to  answer and the answer is not at all.
 An interesting phenomenon happened  in China,
 the number of coal plants went down. 
 But suddenly it started going up. 
 What happened \'96 the answer is  bitcoin. If you look now,
 80 to 90% of all mining happens in  China
 which is an absolutely huge  percentage
 and that is because they have very  cheap coal that they then use
 to fuel cheap computing power. 
 In the government wants growth so  it does not care where it comes 
from, so it looks the other way.  As long as that happens, as much as 
they get together means as much  power as they want. As bitcoin
 stays expensive and as long as they  can Mina,.
 They have companies there 
, they don't have to transport it  halfway around the world,
 they have the cheap energy 
 so they will be able to keep up  pretty well.
 The question is, how do you do it  ethically here in the US
, which is a tougher question. 
 I think it was you Prof who told us  that most of the large companies in 
the US have bought all the land  around the Hydro plants or something?
 I guess a machine learning prof  told us that apparently Amazon and 
Google have bought huge amount of  land
 for electric power plants because  they estimate they will need the 
 Yes,
 they are all moving a lot of their  cloud operations
 and big data centres 
 to places in backwoods Idaho, where  it is cheap.
 In available. 
 And what is it, Boston 
 puts out the first floating windfarm 
, or at least got approval for them. 
 Power is going to make a difference  as well.
 It is all interrelated. 
 Too bad we don't already have a  cognitive system trained to tell us 
the right path.  Any other thoughts on this stuff? We 
are not going to do breakouts today.  This is too much fun.
 I am still waiting for an answer \'96 
 is it a cave for a company 
 to get an again vantage? 
 Suppose Amazon was already stopping  everybody
 in retail, 
 suppose they really do 
 gain a huge advantage in cognitive  systems.
 Is that OK? 
 And to keep a proprietary, is that  OK?
 Should we prevent countries from  taking over?
 Any thoughts there? 
 
 I think there is may be somewhat 
 of a na\'efve argument 
 that 
 it is relatively similar, it is  just an innovation
 that any company comes up with an  invasion
 especially in an economic system 
 like the one we sort of endorse in  America
 should be rewarded for that.  And there is an argument that
 if we make it so that there is no  patents on the vaccines,
 then there is no real reward for a  lot of private companies
 to invest in the development of  those.
 And if we think that 
 AI at least in the holistic sense  is good overall,
 that is something we want to  encourage,
 then to encourage companies 
 to actually invest 
 in AI systems, there usually has to  be some benefit for them as well.
 So I feel like there is sort of the  argument
 of just allowing companies to  benefit from that
 and the implications of that 
 are maybe a little less clear, 
 in terms of monopolies and things  like that.
 But if they have a breakthrough, 
 it is probably because they've  invested lots of time and money
 and created lots of jobs 
 and sooner or later, 
 that will somehow trickle into the  rest of society
 in my opinion. 
 So I probably don't view it is that  much of a negative
 but like I said, there are a lot of  considerations around more economic 

 OK, again, acting as a straightman  there.
 The next topic I wanted to reach  into
 and we will get to the handset her  up,
 was exactly what you were just  saying.
 Suppose we invest in cognitive  systems and they come up with really 
cool stuff, the way the system is  set up right now
 is that (Name) from last year says  AI's cannot be an inventor.
 If the cognitive system is running 
 inside HP, 
 or running inside GEICO, 
 and it actually invent something 
, 
 maybe a pharmaceutical will be  better.
 NAI finds a vaccine 
, the flu vaccine, 
 that you can take by rubbing it on  your skin.
 So you come up with something  innovative and crazy like that.
 It was just discovered by AI 
 but the company bought the system  from IBM, they bought the AI 
software from Google, and they have  employees who built the cognitive 
system that they just cut loose and  said go find something.
 And they do. 
 How do they leverage that? 
 How can they patented because the  rules are
 that you have to be wetware, 
 can be inventors only. 
 I guess we have to change the  patent while.
 Thoughts? 
 
 When it comes to this question, 
 I think it is interesting 
 on the idea that AI cannot be the  inventor
 because it is not a natural being. 
 I think it comes down to the idea  that
 we already opened Pandora's box  when it comes to
 artificial intelligence and the  idea that we can make these 
cognitive machines.  So rather than trying to stop the 
progression of AI, I think it is  much more practical
 to try and change the mentality 
 of how inventions are created and  how things are thought of.
 When it comes to something like  this,
 AI creating new technologies and  new ideas,
 the question of it is 
 maybe the people who gave them the  training data
 to help create the AI and the  knowledge base
 to be considered inventors, perhaps. 
 Or something of that similar train  of thought.
 We tried that, 
. 
 In discussions 
 with folks in the government and  other places about this.
 And they have made that point 
 which is that the humans provided  the data.
 But what was done with the data 
 had nothing to do with them. 
 That is where they start getting  kind of itchy
 and the easy answer out would just  be to say sure,
.  AI is owned by a company, regardless 
of what it runs on, 
 get a patent 
 and they just have to update  200-year-old patent law.
 
 You sort of hit on a tricky subject  for me
 because I like patent law in  general.
 I like the way that intellectual  property is used at the moment.
 If you are a US inventor, 
 and China can just take the patent  and do whatever they want with it,
 you cannot compete with other  people in the US but the people in 
China can compete with you.  Because they don't have patent law
 so you are at a distinct  disadvantage. So if we are talking 
something really important like AI  and let's say I gets really good and 
is able to invent a bunch of stuff,  we are going to be in deep trouble.
 I think the idea is that we need to  start thinking about IP in a 
different way.  If humans are not the ones 
necessarily making these things  anymore, maybe it is time to leave 
this whole thing that humans take  control of this idea forever and 
throw it out and replace it with  some thing else. That's my 
 Patton served two purposes 
\'96 and this is why I love this class  because we cover all kinds of 
aspects.  But patents serve two purposes. One 
is to make sure you have the chance  to benefit from your property. The 
other is to ensure freedom of  action. And that means that yeah, 
you came up with this new thing and  at least
 with countries that do 
 support US patent law, and China  says they do,
 all of these countries agree that  patents are important
 and helps prevent you from being 
... 
 I patent 
 a widget that claims (unknown term)  very efficiently and I want to make 
money on it so I patent it.  But I also want to be able to keep 
making it and selling it so that if  Joe down the street independently 
comes up with the same idea, and  tries to patented, he will be able 
to because if he did then he could  charge me royalties. It is so you 
can benefit from your investment and  not be prevented from benefiting.
 If you make your patent a trade  secret, which is its own section of 
law or worse which is copyright, it  is much harder.
 It is a very different way to  protect things, trade secrets have 
to be a doggone secret and if it is  copyright and someone starts using 
it, it is up to you to chase them  down and bring them to court. So 
patents are not perfect but they do  have their uses,.
 OK, 
 as far as the book goes, we are  done.
 In looking forward, 
 I hope you found the book to be  useful
 and some of its ideas will stick  with you.
 Because it is going to be up to  you, even if you are not a cognitive 
scientist or whatever they call  people in the job market, it is 
going to come up.  And if there is one thing we want to 
contribute from this course it is  that you have the same well 
considered opinion about all of  these things we have been talking 
about and that you can share that  when you get out there and try to 
keep things from going at least too  far into the ditch. With that,
 we have one more class lecture.  That is on Monday,
 where we talk about something 
 and I share an interest in. 
 - 
 cognitive computing and conflict. 
 And then on Wednesday, we have our  second little quiz
 and it is the last day for anything  like that.
 So we save it for the last. 
 And in the following Friday, 
 let me get the calendar up, 
 is a project workday. 
 So Friday the 28th before Memorial  Day
 is a project workday. 
 I have no class plans 
 for presentations, 
 I will be here and I will 
 open the breakout rooms if you want  to use them.
 No class on Memorial Day of course 
 and then June 1 and second, 
 we begin project presentations. 
 And you can go read 
 the project for details on that 
 but the bottom line is, 
 you need to ask Lane what you are  doing, how did it go,
 and maybe show the video or at  least part of it
 so we believe you actually did it. 
 It is usually a lot of fun and  interesting with the different 
approaches people take, even if they  are pursuing a different -- similar 
topic.  The order presentations will be 
random and I will produce that  probably Monday.
 I will posted in the projects  channel
 and I encourage you attend because  like I said, it is entertaining.
 And you can just that there with  your favourite beverage and enjoy.
 With that, 
 the quays study guide I will release 
 over the weekend. 
 Judging how everybody did on the  first quiz,
 I don't think anybody is going to  sweat it that much.
 Any last questions or comments 
 before we get out five minutes  early?
 Everybody is hoping nobody else  raises her hand.
 (Laughs) OK, cool. 
 Great weekend ahead except for a  little water.
 Take care of yourselves, be well, 